DNAnexus
®
DNAnexus, Inc.
MASTER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT
Customer Name
Effective Date
This Master Subscription Agreement ("Agreement") is entered into by and between DNAnexus, Inc. ("DNAnexus") and the customer
specified above ("Customer") and is effective as of the date specified above (the "Effective Date"). The Agreement consists of the terms
and conditions set forth below, any attachments or exhibits identified below and any Order Forms (as defined below) that reference this
Agreement.
This Agreement permits Customer to purchase online platform-as-a-service products and other services from DNAnexus pursuant to
mutually executed DNAnexus order forms referencing this Agreement ("Order Form(s)") and sets forth the basic terms and conditions
under which those products and services will be delivered. This Agreement shall govern Customer's initial purchase on the Effective Date as
well as any future purchases made by Customer that reference this Agreement.
OVERVIEW
The DNAnexus Service is an online platform designed to enable Customer to manage, analyze and collaborate on its Customer Data.
Customer organizes its use of the Service through individual Projects to which it invites Users to participate in defined roles. The Service
includes features for Customer to Submit Customer Data and use Tools to analyze Customer Data. The Service also includes integrations
with External Platforms.
Accepted and agreed to as of the Effective Date by the authorized representative of each party:
CUSTOMER
Address
DNAnexus, Inc.
1975 West El Camino Real, Suite 204
Mountain View, CA 94040
Signature
Signature
Print Name
Print Name
Title
Title
Fax No .:
Email:
Primary Contact:
Fax No .:
Email:
Primary Contact:
1.
DEFINITIONS
"Account" means Customer's account on the Service.
"Affiliate" means any entity under the control of Customer where "control" means ownership of or the right to control greater than 50% of
the voting securities of such entity.
"AUP" means DNAnexus' Acceptable Use Policy for MSA, available at https://www.dnanexus.com/terms/msa-acceptable-use-policy.
"Client Software" means the proprietary command line scripts or other desktop client software that is made available to Customer by
DNAnexus to access the Service from User computers.
"Customer Data" means any business information or other data of any type that is Submitted to the Service by or on behalf of Customer
(including from External Platforms and by Users) and all corresponding Output.
"Customer Materials" means Customer Data and Customer Tools.
"Customer Tools" means any Tools Submitted to the Service by or on behalf of Customer (including from External Platforms and by Users).
"DNAnexus APIs" means the proprietary application programming interfaces made available by DNAnexus for accessing the Service.
"Documentation" means the functional and technical user documentation provided with the Service.
"Export" means to copy, transmit or export data or tools out of the Service.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement_July 2022
1

"External Platform" means any third-party software, software-as-a-service, data source or other product or service with which the Service
may be integrated or connected.
"HIPAA" means the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended and supplemented.
"Laws" means all applicable local, state, federal and international laws, regulations and conventions, including without limitation, those
related to data privacy (including HIPAA) and data transfer, international communications and the exportation of technical or personal data.
"Library Tools" means any Tools made available within the Service.
"Module" means a designated set of features provided as part of the Service as described in the applicable Order Form.
"Output" means any results or other output from Customer's use of Tools within the Service or otherwise derived from using the Service.
"Private Health Information" means any patient, medical or other protected health information regulated by HIPAA or any similar Laws.
"Project" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 (Creation of Projects) below.
"Service" means DNAnexus' platform-as-a-service solution(s) specified on an Order Form, including the Web UI and any related DNAnexus
APIs and Client Software. The Service includes any Modules specified on the Order Form, but excludes Tools.
"Submit" means to input, upload or import data or Tools to the Service.
"Third-Party Project" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.5 (Third-Party Projects).
"Third-Party User" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.4 (Third-Party Users).
"Tools" means any analytical, computational or other tools, scripts, applications or workflows.
"User" means a user that Customer has provisioned with access to Projects associated with Customer's Account.
"Web UI" means DNAnexus' web-based user interface for accessing and administering the Service.
2.
DNANEXUS SERVICE
2.1.
Provision of Service. The Service is provided on a subscription basis for a set term designated on the Order Form (each, a
"Subscription Term"). DNAnexus may also offer Professional Services (as defined in Section 14) related to the Service. Customer shall
purchase and DNAnexus shall provide the specific Service and related Professional Services (if any) as specified in the applicable Order
Form.
2.2.
Access to Service. Customer may access and use the Service solely for its own benefit and in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, the Documentation and any scope of use restrictions designated in the applicable Order Form ("Scope of
Use").
2.3.
Users. Use of and access to the Service is permitted only by Users. Customer may grant certain Users administrative privileges
(which may include authority to provision new User accounts, create new Projects, assign Users to Projects or control User access
permissions at the Account or Project level) as further described in the Documentation ("Administrators"). Customer will, through its
Administrators, assign user IDs and passwords for each User to access the Service. Customer shall require that all Users keep user ID and
password information strictly confidential and not share such information with any unauthorized person. Customer shall be responsible for
any and all actions taken by Users on Customer's Account and for rescinding access to its Account (including its Projects) by any User that
Customer no longer wishes to have access.
2.4.
Client Software. To the extent use of the Service requires Customer to install Client Software, subject to all of the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, DNAnexus grants to Customer a limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive license during
the applicable Subscription Term to use the object code form of the Client Software internally, but only in accordance with (a) the
Documentation, (b) this Agreement and (c) the designated Scope of Use.
2.5.
Contractors and Affiliates. Customer may permit its independent contractors and consultants who are not competitors of
DNAnexus ("Contractors") and its Affiliates to serve as Users, provided Customer remains responsible for compliance by each such
Contractor or Affiliate with all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any such use of the Service by such Contractor or Affiliate
is for the sole benefit of Customer (or such Affiliate). Use of the Service by Affiliates, Contractors and Customer in the aggregate must be
within the restrictions in the applicable Order Form. The Affiliate rights granted in this section shall not apply to any "enterprise wide"
licenses unless Affiliate usage is designated in the applicable Order Form.
2.6.
General Restrictions. Customer shall not (and shall not permit any third party to): (a) rent, lease, provide access to or sublicense
the Service to a third party (except to Users as permitted herein); (b) use the Service to provide or create, or incorporate the Service into,
any similar service provided to a third party or otherwise directly expose the functionality of the Service to any third party (except to Users
as permitted herein); (c) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise seek to obtain the source code or non-public APIs to the
Service, except to the extent expressly permitted by applicable law (and then only upon advance notice to DNAnexus); (d) copy or modify
the Service or any Documentation (including any underlying workflows, algorithms, procedures or hierarchies), or create any derivative
work from any of the foregoing; (e) remove or obscure any proprietary or other notices contained in the Service (including any reports or
data printed from the Service); (f) publicly disseminate information regarding the performance of the Service; (g) adversely impact the
speed, security or integrity of the Service (or any data contained within the Service); or (h) conduct any penetration testing or exploit or
attempt to exploit any vulnerabilities in the Service.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
2
2

2.7.
Trial Subscriptions. If Customer receives a trial, proof of concept, evaluation, or other free subscription to the Service (a "Trial
Subscription"), then Customer may use the Service in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement until Customer has used
all trial credits provided by DNAnexus or such other period granted by DNAnexus (the "Trial Period"). Trial Subscriptions are permitted
solely for Customer's use to determine whether to purchase a paid subscription to the Service. Trial Subscriptions may not include all
functionality and features accessible as part of a paid Subscription. DNAnexus has the right to terminate a Trial Subscription at any time for
any reason. If Customer does not purchase a paid Subscription following the Trial Period, Customer's use of the Service will be limited to
participation in Projects controlled by other DNAnexus customers and DNAnexus reserves the right to terminate this Agreement at any time
for any reason. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THIS AGREEMENT, DNANEXUS WILL HAVE NO WARRANTY,
INDEMNITY, SERVICE LEVEL OR SUPPORT OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO TRIAL SUBSCRIPTIONS.
3.
PROJECTS
3.1.
Creation of Projects. Customer may create projects associated with Customer's Account (each, a "Project") and invite Users to
collaborate therein. A typical Project will contain (i) Customer Data and (ii) Tools.
3.2.
Submitting Customer Materials. Customer may Submit Customer Materials to a Project using the upload features of the Service
or available integrations with External Platforms (as further set forth in Section 5 (External Platforms) below).
3.3.
Project Roles. Customer, through its Administrators, will assign a role to each User of a Project as further described in the
Documentation. A User's role will dictate the permissions such User has with respect to such Project.
3.4.
Third-Party Users. Customer may invite unaffiliated third parties who are who are not competitors of DNAnexus to be Users of its
Projects ("Third-Party Users"). A Third-Party User will have all permissions applicable to the role assigned to it by Customer (including, if
applicable, as an Administrator) and anything Submitted by a Third-Party User to a Project will be deemed to be Customer Materials.
Customer is solely responsible for: (i) evaluating the risk of granting Third-Party Users access to Customer's Projects, (ii) separately entering
into any terms it deems necessary with such Third-Party Users, (iii) assigning and rescinding access or permissions for each Third-Party User
and (iv) any and all actions of each Third-Party User as if it were any other User of Customer under this Agreement.
3.5.
Third-Party Projects. Customer's Users may be invited by another customer of the Service to participate in Projects controlled by
such other customer (a "Third-Party Project"). Customer acknowledges and agrees that to the extent any of its Users participate in a
Third-Party Project, any data, Tools or other materials Submitted by its Users to such Third-Party Project will be treated as the materials
of such other customer and not as "Customer Materials" in connection with such Third-Party Project. Customer is solely responsible for:
(i) evaluating the risk of Submitting Customer Materials to a Third-Party Project and (ii) separately entering into any terms it deems
necessary with the owners of such Third-Party Projects.
4.
TOOLS
4.1.
Choice of Tools. Customer is solely responsible for determining which Tools to use with a Project and assessing the suitability of
Tools and their configuration for Customer's purposes. As between DNAnexus and Customer, Customer assumes all risk and liability
regarding use of any Tools with the Service, including any use of or access to Customer Data by such Tools.
4.2.
Customer Tools. If Customer Submits Customer Tools for use with a Project, Customer must have the right to do so as described
in Section 6.1(b) (Responsibility for Customer Materials) below.
4.3.
Library Tools. Customer may, in its sole discretion, elect to install and use Library Tools within a Project. Library Tools are made
available through the Service for Customer's convenience, but the terms which govern use of such Tools are solely as set forth in the Library
Tool's EULA. By installing or using a Library Tool, Customer agrees to the applicable EULA and agrees to pay any associated listed fees when
accrued in accordance with the terms of Section 9.2 (Fees and Payment). Unless otherwise separately specified by DNAnexus in writing,
DNAnexus has no warranty, support, indemnity or other obligations with respect to Library Tools. Customer agrees not to Export any Library
Tools from Customer's Account on the Service unless expressly permitted in the applicable EULA. "EULA" means any end user agreement,
open source license or other terms or conditions posted in connection with a Library Tool.
5.
EXTERNAL PLATFORMS
5.1.
External Platform Accounts. The Service may support integrations with certain External Platforms. In order for the Service to
communicate with such External Platforms, Customer may be required to input credentials for the Service to access and receive relevant
information from such External Platforms. By enabling use of the Service with any External Platform, Customer authorizes DNAnexus to
access Customer's accounts with such External Platform for the purposes described in this Agreement. Customer is solely responsible for
complying with any relevant terms and conditions of the External Platforms and maintaining appropriate accounts in good standing with
the providers of the External Platforms.
5.2.
No Responsibility for External Platforms. Customer acknowledges and agrees that DNAnexus is only responsible for providing
and operating the Service and not any External Platform. DNAnexus has no obligation with respect to any Customer Materials or Tools that
Customer Exports to an External Platform. Except as otherwise set forth in the applicable Order Form, DNAnexus does not guarantee that
the Service will maintain integrations with any External Platform and DNAnexus may disable integrations of the Service with any External
Platform at any time with or without notice to Customer.
6.
CUSTOMER MATERIALS
6.1.
Customer Obligations.
a)
In General. Customer shall ensure that Customer's use of the Service is at all times compliant with Customer's privacy policies
and all Laws.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
3

b)
Responsibility for Customer Materials. Customer is solely responsible for the accuracy, content and legality of all Customer
Materials (including those Submitted by Third-Party Users) and for sharing Customer Materials as described in Section 3.4 (Third-Party
Users) and Section 3.5 (Third-Party Projects). Customer represents and warrants to DNAnexus that Customer has all necessary rights,
consents and permissions to collect, share and use all Customer Materials as contemplated in this Agreement (including granting DNAnexus
the rights in Section 8.1 (Rights in Customer Materials)), and that no Customer Materials will violate or infringe (i) any third-party
intellectual property, publicity, privacy or other rights, (ii) any Laws, (iii) any terms of service, privacy policies or other agreement governing
Customer's accounts with any External Platforms or (iv) the AUP.
c)
Private Health Information. Customer agrees not to Submit to the Service any Private Health Information unless (i) the Order
Form specifies the applicable Module and (ii) Customer has entered into a Business Associate Agreement ("BAA") with DNAnexus. Unless a
BAA is in place, DNAnexus will have no liability under this Agreement for Private Health Information, notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement or under HIPAA or any similar Laws. If Customer is permitted to submit Private Health Information to the
Service, it may only do so by uploading it to a Project specifically identified as a "PHI Project". The mutually executed BAA shall be
incorporated by reference into this Agreement and is subject to its terms. For clarity, the BAA only applies to Private Health Information
stored within Customer's PHI Projects and not to Private Health Information Customer Exports to any External Platform or shares with any
Third-Party Project.
6.2.
Backups of Customer Materials. Except for disaster recovery measures described in the Documentation, the Service does not
archive or backup Customer Materials. DNAnexus shall not of its own accord intentionally delete any Customer Materials from the Service
prior to termination of Customer's applicable Subscription Term. Except for the foregoing, DNAnexus expressly disclaims all other
obligations with respect to maintaining archives or backups of Customer Materials.
6.3.
Indemnification by Customer. Customer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless DNAnexus from and against any and all
claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or in connection with
any claim arising from or relating to (a) any Customer Materials or breach or alleged breach by Customer of Section 6.1 (Customer
Obligations), (b) any service or product offered by Customer in connection with or related to the Service or (c) sharing of Customer
Materials with (or use thereof by) Third-Party Users or Third-Party Projects. This indemnification obligation is subject to Customer receiving
(i) prompt written notice of such claim (but in any event notice in sufficient time for Customer to respond without prejudice); (ii) the
exclusive right to control and direct the investigation, defense, or settlement of such claim; and (iii) all necessary cooperation of DNAnexus
at Customer's expense.
7.
SECURITY. DNAnexus agrees to use commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to prevent
unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of the Service or Customer Data, as further described in Exhibit C (Security Policy and
Procedures). However, DNAnexus shall have no responsibility for errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access or other causes
beyond DNAnexus' control.
8.
OWNERSHIP
8.1.
Rights in Customer Materials. As between the parties, Customer shall retain all right, title and interest (including any and all
intellectual property rights) in and to the Customer Materials as provided to DNAnexus. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Customer
hereby grants to DNAnexus a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free right to use, copy, store, transmit and publicly perform and display the
Customer Materials solely to the extent necessary to provide the Service to or as directed by Customer.
8.2.
DNAnexus Technology. This is a subscription agreement for access to use of the Service. Customer acknowledges that it is
obtaining only a limited right to the Service and that irrespective of any use of the words "purchase", "sale" or like terms in this Agreement
no ownership rights are being conveyed to Customer under this Agreement. Customer agrees that DNAnexus or its suppliers retain all right,
title and interest (including all patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property rights) in and to all of the Service,
Documentation, Professional Services deliverables (but excluding any Customer Materials incorporated therein) and any and all related and
underlying technology and documentation; and any derivative works, modifications or improvements of any of the foregoing, including as
may incorporate Feedback (collectively, "DNAnexus Technology"). Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, no rights in any
DNAnexus Technology are granted to Customer. Further, Customer acknowledges that the Service is an online, hosted solution, and that
except for Client Software Customer has no right to obtain a copy of the Service.
8.3.
Feedback. Customer, from time to time, may submit comments, questions, suggestions or other feedback relating to any
DNAnexus product or service to DNAnexus ("Feedback"). DNAnexus may freely use or exploit Feedback in connection with any of its
products or services.
8.4.
Service Data. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Customer agrees that DNAnexus may obtain technical and other
data about Customer's use of the Service and Library Tools ("Service Data"), and DNAnexus may use and share the Service Data to improve,
support, develop, provide and deliver reporting regarding the Service and Library Tools during and after the term of this Agreement
provided that DNAnexus does not identify Customer as the source of such Service Data without Customer's prior written permission.
9.
SUBSCRIPTION TERM, FEES & PAYMENT
9.1.
Subscription Term and Renewals. Unless otherwise specified on the applicable Order Form, each Subscription Term shall
automatically renew for additional twelve (12) month periods at DNAnexus' then-current license rates unless either party gives the other
written notice of termination at least thirty (30) days prior to expiration of the then-current Subscription Term.
9.2.
Fees and Payment. All fees are as set forth in the applicable Order Form and shall be paid by Customer within thirty (30) days of
invoice, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Order Form. Except as expressly set forth in Section 11.1 (Limited Warranty), Section
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
4

12 (Availability and Service Credits) and Section 16 (Indemnification), all fees are non-refundable. Customer is required to pay any sales,
use, GST, value-added, withholding, or similar taxes or levies, whether domestic or foreign, other than taxes based on the income of
DNAnexus. Any late payments shall be subject to a service charge equal to 1.5% per month of the amount due or the maximum amount
allowed by law, whichever is less.
9.3.
Suspension of Service. Without limiting DNAnexus' termination or other rights hereunder, DNAnexus reserves the right with
notice (email sufficient) to suspend Customer's access to the Service in whole or in part, without liability to Customer: (i) if Customer's
account is thirty (30) days or more overdue; (ii) for Customer's breach of Sections 2.6 (General Restrictions) or 6.1 (Customer Obligations);
or (iii) to prevent harm to other customers or third parties or to preserve the security, availability or integrity of the Service. Unless this
Agreement has been terminated, DNAnexus will cooperate to restore Customer's access to the Service promptly after DNAnexus verifies
that Customer has resolved the issue requiring suspension.
10.
TERM AND TERMINATION
10.1.
Term. This Agreement is effective as of the Effective Date and expires on the date of expiration or termination of all Subscription
Terms.
10.2.
Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement (including all related Order Forms) if the other party (a) fails
to cure any material breach of this Agreement (including a failure to pay fees) within thirty (30) days after written notice; (b) ceases
operation without a successor; or (c) seeks protection under any bankruptcy, receivership, trust deed, creditors' arrangement, composition,
or comparable proceeding, or if any such proceeding is instituted against that party (and not dismissed within sixty (60) days thereafter).
10.3.
Effect of Termination. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, Customer shall immediately cease any and all use
of and access to the Service (including any and all related DNAnexus Technology) and delete (or, at DNAnexus' request, return) any and all
copies of the Documentation, any DNAnexus passwords or access codes and any other DNAnexus Confidential Information in its possession.
Customer acknowledges that following termination it shall have no further access to the Service or any Customer Materials Submitted to
the Service, and that DNAnexus may delete any such materials as may have been stored by DNAnexus at any time. Except where an
exclusive remedy is specified, the exercise of either party of any remedy under this Agreement, including termination, will be without
prejudice to any other remedies it may have under this Agreement, by law or otherwise.
10.4.
Survival. The following Sections shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: 2.6 (General Restrictions), 6.2
(Backups of Customer Materials), 6.3 (Indemnification by Customer), 8 (Ownership), 9.2 (Fees and Payment), 10 (Term and Termination),
11.2 (Warranty Disclaimer), 15 (Limitation of Remedies and Damages), 16 (Indemnification), 17 (Confidential Information) and 19 (General
Terms).
11.
LIMITED WARRANTY
11.1.
Limited Warranty. DNAnexus warrants, for Customer's benefit only, that the Service will operate in substantial conformity with
the applicable Documentation. DNAnexus' sole liability (and Customer's sole and exclusive remedy) for any breach of this warranty shall
be, at no charge to Customer, for DNAnexus to use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the reported non-conformity, or if DNAnexus
determines such remedy to be impracticable, either party may terminate the applicable Subscription Term and Customer shall receive as its
sole remedy a refund of any fees Customer has pre-paid for use of the Service for the terminated portion of the applicable Subscription
Term. The limited warranty set forth in this Section 11.1 shall not apply: (i) unless Customer makes a claim within thirty (30) days of the
date on which Customer first noticed the non-conformity, (ii) if the error was caused by misuse, unauthorized modifications or third-party
hardware, software or services, or (iii) to use provided on a Trial Subscription basis.
11.2.
Warranty Disclaimer. (A) EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY IN SECTION 11.1, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS". NEITHER
DNANEXUS NOR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKES ANY OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. DNANEXUS DOES
NOT WARRANT THAT CUSTOMER'S USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, NOR DOES DNANEXUS WARRANT THAT
IT WILL REVIEW THE CUSTOMER MATERIALS FOR ACCURACY OR THAT IT WILL PRESERVE OR MAINTAIN THE CUSTOMER MATERIALS
WITHOUT LOSS. DNANEXUS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DELAYS, INTERRUPTIONS, SERVICE FAILURES OR OTHER PROBLEMS INHERENT IN
USE OF THE INTERNET AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS OR OTHER SYSTEMS OUTSIDE THE REASONABLE CONTROL OF DNANEXUS.
CUSTOMER MAY HAVE OTHER STATUTORY RIGHTS, BUT THE DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES, IF ANY, SHALL BE LIMITED
TO THE SHORTEST PERIOD PERMITTED BY LAW.
(B) DNANEXUS HAS NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY, AND CUSTOMER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE, FOR ASSESSING WHETHER THE SERVICE
(INCLUDING DNANEXUS' EXPRESS SECURITY OBLIGATIONS) WILL MEET CUSTOMER'S REGULATORY OR OTHER LEGAL OBLIGATIONS.
DNANEXUS DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE OR ANY TOOLS WILL ACHIEVE CUSTOMER'S DESIRED RESULTS AND
DNANEXUS DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY OF ANY KIND FOR DECISIONS MADE BASED ON OUTPUT OR OTHER RESULTS OF THE SERVICE.
DNANEXUS HAS NO CONTROL OVER, AND WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR, ANY ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF ANY THIRD-PARTY USERS OR
THIRD-PARTY PROJECTS.
12.
AVAILABILITY AND SERVICE CREDITS. The Service is subject to Exhibit B (Service Levels).
13.
SUPPORT. During the Subscription Term of the Service, DNAnexus shall provide end user support in accordance with the terms
set forth on Exhibit A (Customer Support).
14.
PROFESSIONAL SERVICES. DNAnexus shall provide the professional consulting services ("Professional Services") purchased in the
applicable Order Form. The scope of Professional Services shall be as set forth in a Statement of Work referencing this Agreement and
executed by both parties describing the work to be performed, fees and any applicable milestones, dependencies and other technical
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
5

specifications or related information ("SOW"). Unless Professional Services are provided on a fixed-fee basis, Customer shall pay DNAnexus
at the per-hour rates set forth in the Order Form (or, if not specified, at DNAnexus' then-standard rates) for any services. Customer will
reimburse DNAnexus for reasonable travel and lodging expenses as incurred. Customer may use anything delivered as part of the
Professional Services in support of authorized use of the Service and subject to the terms regarding Customer's rights to use the Service set
forth in Section 2 (DNAnexus Service) and the applicable SOW, but DNAnexus shall retain all right, title and interest in and to any such work
product, code or deliverables and any derivative, enhancement or modification thereof created by DNAnexus (or its agents) (excluding any
underlying Customer Materials or Confidential Information).
15.
LIMITATION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES
15.1.
Consequential Damages Waiver. EXCEPT FOR EXCLUDED CLAIMS (DEFINED BELOW), NEITHER PARTY (NOR ITS SUPPLIERS) SHALL
HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, FAILURE OF
SECURITY MECHANISMS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
OF ANY KIND, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE.
15.2.
Liability Cap. EXCEPT FOR EXCLUDED CLAIMS, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH PARTY
AND ITS SUPPLIERS' ENTIRE LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT EXCEED THE
AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY CUSTOMER TO DNANEXUS DURING THE PRIOR TWELVE (12) MONTHS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.
15.3.
Excluded Claims. "Excluded Claims" means any claim arising (a) from Customer's breach of Section 2.6 (General Restrictions); (b)
under Section 6.1 (Customer Obligations); (c) from a party's breach of its obligations in Section 17 (Confidential Information) (but excluding
claims related to Customer Materials); or (d) a party's indemnification obligations under this Agreement.
15.4.
Nature of Claims and Failure of Essential Purpose. The parties agree that the waivers and limitations specified in this Section 15
apply regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise and will survive and apply
even if any limited remedy specified in this Agreement is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
16.
INDEMNIFICATION. DNAnexus shall defend Customer from and against any claim by a third party alleging the Service when used
as authorized under this Agreement infringes a U.S. patent, U.S. copyright, or U.S. trademark and shall indemnify and hold harmless
Customer from and against any damages and costs awarded against Customer or agreed in settlement by DNAnexus (including reasonable
attorneys' fees) resulting from such claim, provided that DNAnexus shall have received from Customer: (i) prompt written notice of such
claim (but in any event notice in sufficient time for DNAnexus to respond without prejudice); (ii) the exclusive right to control and direct the
investigation, defense and settlement (if applicable) of such claim; and (iii) all reasonable necessary cooperation of Customer. If Customer's
use of the Service is (or in DNAnexus' opinion is likely to be) enjoined, if required by settlement or if DNAnexus determines such actions are
reasonably necessary to avoid material liability, DNAnexus may, in its sole discretion: (a) substitute substantially functionally similar
products or services; (b) procure for Customer the right to continue using the Service; or if (a) and (b) are not commercially reasonable, (c)
terminate the Agreement and refund to Customer the fees paid by Customer for the portion of the Subscription Term that was paid by
Customer but not rendered by DNAnexus. The foregoing indemnification obligation of DNAnexus shall not apply: (1) if the Service is
modified by any party other than DNAnexus, but solely to the extent the alleged infringement is caused by such modification; (2) if the
Service is combined with platforms, data, products or processes not provided by DNAnexus, but solely to the extent the alleged
infringement is caused by such combination; (3) to any unauthorized use of the Service; (4) to any action arising as a result of Customer
Materials, Library Tools or any other third-party deliverables or components contained within the Service; (5) to the extent the alleged
infringement is not caused by the particular technology or implementation of the Service but instead by features common to any similar
product or service; or (6) if Customer settles or makes any admissions with respect to a claim without DNAnexus' prior written consent.
THIS SECTION 16 SETS FORTH DNANEXUS' AND ITS SUPPLIERS' SOLE LIABILITY AND CUSTOMER'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH
RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT.
17.
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Each party (as "Receiving Party") agrees that all code, inventions, know-how, business, technical
and financial information it obtains from the disclosing party ("Disclosing Party") constitute the confidential property of the Disclosing
Party ("Confidential Information"), provided that it is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure or should be reasonably known by
the Receiving Party to be confidential or proprietary due to the nature of the information disclosed and the circumstances surrounding the
disclosure. Any DNAnexus Technology, performance information relating to the Service, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement
shall be deemed Confidential Information of DNAnexus without any marking or further designation. Except as expressly authorized herein,
the Receiving Party will (1) hold in confidence and not disclose any Confidential Information to third parties and (2) not use Confidential
Information for any purpose other than fulfilling its obligations and exercising its rights under this Agreement. The Receiving Party may
disclose Confidential Information to its employees, agents, contractors and other representatives having a legitimate need to know
(including, for DNAnexus, the subcontractors referenced in Section 19.9), provided that such representatives are bound to confidentiality
obligations no less protective of the Disclosing Party than this Section 17 and that the Receiving Party remains responsible for compliance
by any such representative with the terms of this Section 17. The Receiving Party's confidentiality obligations shall not apply to information
that the Receiving Party can document: (i) was rightfully in its possession or known to it prior to receipt of the Confidential Information; (ii)
is or has become public knowledge through no fault of the Receiving Party; (iii) is rightfully obtained by the Receiving Party from a third
party without breach of any confidentiality obligation; or (iv) is independently developed by employees of the Receiving Party who had no
access to such information. The Receiving Party may make disclosures to the extent required by law or court order, provided the Receiving
Party notifies the Disclosing Party in advance and cooperates in any effort to obtain confidential treatment. The Receiving Party
acknowledges that disclosure of Confidential Information would cause substantial harm for which damages alone would not be a sufficient
remedy, and therefore that upon any such disclosure by the Receiving Party the Disclosing Party shall be entitled to seek appropriate
equitable relief in addition to whatever other remedies it might have at law.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
6

18.
CO-MARKETING. At the request of DNAnexus, Customer agrees to the issuance of a joint press release ("Press Release") on a
mutually agreed upon date or the 90th day from the Effective Date, whichever is earlier. Each party will have the right to approve the Press
Release in advance, but such approval will not be unreasonably delayed or withheld. Customer also agrees to participate in other
reasonable marketing activities that promote the benefits of the Service to other potential customers and to use of Customer's name and
logo on DNAnexus' web site and in DNAnexus promotional materials. Customer agrees that DNAnexus may disclose Customer as a
customer of DNAnexus.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
7

19.
GENERAL TERMS
19.1.
Assignment. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of each party's permitted successors and assigns. Neither party
may assign this Agreement without the advance written consent of the other party, except that either party may assign this Agreement in
connection with a merger, reorganization, acquisition or other transfer of all or substantially all of such party's assets or voting securities.
Any attempt to transfer or assign this Agreement except as expressly authorized under this Section 19.1 will be null and void.
19.2.
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement shall be adjudged by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or
invalid, that provision shall be limited to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in effect.
19.3.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California and the United
States without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof, and without regard to the United Nations Convention on the International Sale
of Goods. The jurisdiction and venue for actions related to the subject matter hereof shall be the state and United States federal courts
located in Santa Clara County, California and both parties hereby submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts.
19.4.
Attorneys' Fees and Costs. The prevailing party in any action to enforce this Agreement will be entitled to recover its attorneys'
fees and costs in connection with such action.
19.5.
Notice. Any notice or communication required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing to the parties at the
addresses set forth on the Order Form or at such other address as may be given in writing by either party to the other in accordance with
this Section 19.5 and shall be deemed to have been received by the addressee (i) if given by hand, immediately upon receipt; (ii) if given by
overnight courier service, the first business day following dispatch or (iii) if given by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and return
receipt requested, the second business day after such notice is deposited in the mail.
19.6.
Amendments; Waivers. No supplement, modification, or amendment of this Agreement shall be binding, unless executed in
writing by a duly authorized representative of each party to this Agreement. No waiver will be implied from conduct or failure to enforce or
exercise rights under this Agreement, nor will any waiver be effective unless in a writing signed by a duly authorized representative on
behalf of the party claimed to have waived. No provision of any purchase order or other business form employed by Customer will
supersede the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and any such document relating to this Agreement shall be for administrative
purposes only and shall have no legal effect.
19.7.
Order of Precedence. In case of conflict between any provisions of this Agreement, the order of precedence of the documents
constituting this Agreement is as follows, each listed document superseding in the event of any conflicting provision in a later listed
document: (1) Amendments to the Agreement; (2) the Agreement including the exhibits; (3) quotes; and (4) purchase orders and any other
document that makes specific reference to this Agreement. If Customer or DNAnexus submits purchase orders, invoices or other similar
documents for accounting or administrative purposes or otherwise, no pre-printed or similar terms and conditions contained in any such
form will be deemed to supersede or modify any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
19.8.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and
supersedes and cancels all previous and contemporaneous written and oral agreements, communications and proposals, including, but not
limited to, DNAnexus' responses to Client RFPs/RFIs or similar proposals and/or information processes, relating to the subject matter of this
Agreement. Customer acknowledges that the Service is an online, subscription-based product, and that in order to provide improved
customer experience DNAnexus may make changes to the Service, and DNAnexus will update the applicable Documentation accordingly.
The support, service level availability, and security terms described in Exhibit A (Customer Support), Exhibit B (Service Levels) and Exhibit C
(Security Policy and Procedures), respectively, may be updated from time to time upon reasonable notice to Customer to reflect process
improvements or changing practices (but the modifications will not materially decrease DNAnexus' obligations as compared to those
reflected in such terms as of the Effective Date).
19.9.
Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable to the other for any delay or failure to perform any obligation under this Agreement
(except for a failure to pay fees) if the delay or failure is due to unforeseen events that occur after the signing of this Agreement and that
are beyond the reasonable control of such party, such as a strike, blockade, war, act of terrorism, riot, natural disaster, epidemic, pandemic
or other public health emergency, failure or diminishment of power or telecommunications or data networks or services (including those of
Infrastructure Providers), or refusal of a license by a government agency.
19.10. Subcontractors. DNAnexus may use the services of subcontractors and permit them to exercise the rights granted to DNAnexus in
order to provide the Service under this Agreement, provided that DNAnexus remains responsible for (i) compliance of any such
subcontractor with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) for the overall performance of the Service as required under this Agreement.
19.11. Subpoenas. Nothing in this Agreement prevents DNAnexus from disclosing Customer Data to the extent required by law,
subpoenas, or court orders, but DNAnexus will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify Customer where permitted to do so.
19.12. Independent Contractors. The parties to this Agreement are independent contractors. There is no relationship of partnership,
joint venture, employment, franchise or agency created hereby between the parties. Neither party will have the power to bind the other or
incur obligations on the other party's behalf without the other party's prior written consent.
19.13. Independent Development. Subject to any obligations of confidentiality and to the parties' respective IP Rights, in no event shall
either party be precluded or restricted from developing, using, marketing or providing for itself, or for others, materials that are
competitive with the products and services of the other party, irrespective of their similarity to any products or services offered by the
other party in connection with this Agreement. Each party acknowledges that the other may already possess or have developed such
materials. In addition, each party shall be free to use its general knowledge, skills and experience, and any ideas, concepts, know-how, and
techniques within the scope of its business that are used or developed in the course of undertaking this Agreement by such party, and each
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
8

party shall remain free to provide products and services to any client or prospective client, and to enter into to alliance, teaming or other
arrangements with any third party (including competitors of the other party), so long as the terms of this Agreement are not violated.
19.14. Export Control. In its use of the Service, Customer agrees to comply with all export and import laws and regulations of the
United States and other applicable jurisdictions. Without limiting the foregoing, (i) Customer represents and warrants that it is not listed on
any U.S. government list of prohibited or restricted parties or located in (or a national of) a country that is subject to a U.S. government
embargo or that has been designated by the U.S. government as a "terrorist supporting" country, (ii) Customer shall not (and shall not
permit any of its users to) access or use the Service in violation of any U.S. export embargo, prohibition or restriction, and (iii) Customer
shall not submit to the Service any information that is controlled under the U.S. International Traffic in Arms Regulations.
19.15. Government End-Users. Elements of the Service are commercial computer software. If the user or licensee of the Service is an
agency, department, or other entity of the United States Government, the use, duplication, reproduction, release, modification, disclosure,
or transfer of the Service, or any related documentation of any kind, including technical data and manuals, is restricted by a license
agreement or by the terms of this Agreement in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulation 12.212 for civilian purposes and Defense
Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement 227.7202 for military purposes. The Service was developed fully at private expense. All other
use is prohibited.
19.16.
Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which
together will be considered one and the same agreement.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
9

Exhibit A
CUSTOMER SUPPORT
DNAnexus offers support services for the Service ("Support") in accordance with the following terms:
1.
Support Hours. Support is provided 24/7/365.
2.
Definitions.
2.1.
"Incident" means an error or abnormal behavior of the Service.
2.2.
"Platform Support Incident" means an Incident where the Service is responding and functional but performance is degraded,
and/or the Incident has potentially severe impact on operation of the Service for multiple Users (e.g., administrative account
issues and bugs in the Service).
2.3.
"Production Support Incident" means an Incident where operation of the Service is critically affected (e.g., Users cannot login
to the Service, access the DNAnexus APIs, or Submit or Export Customer Data or Tools) for a large number of Users and no
workaround is available.
3.
Incident Submission and Customer Cooperation. Customer may report Incidents by emailing support@dnanexus.com or, if applicable,
an alternate email address specifically provided to Customer by DNAnexus. Customer will provide information and cooperation to
DNAnexus as reasonably required for DNAnexus to provide Support. This includes, without limitation, providing the following
information to DNAnexus regarding the Incident (an "Incident Report"):
3.1.
Aspects of the Service that are unavailable or not functioning correctly
3.2.
Incident's impact on Users
3.3.
Start time of Incident
3.4.
List of steps to reproduce Incident
3.5.
Relevant log files or data
3.6.
Wording of any error message
3.7.
Incident ID# (when specified by DNAnexus)
4.
Target Response Times. Upon receipt of an Incident Report, DNAnexus' Support personnel will assign an incident type ("Incident
Type") to each Incident and seek to provide responses in accordance with the applicable table below for the level of Support specified
on the applicable Order Form.
4.1.
Standard Support.
Incident Type
Target Response Times
Production Support Incident
24 Hours
Platform Support Incident
24 Hours
Non-Critical Support Incident
36 Hours
4.2.
Professional Support.
Incident Type
Target Response Times
Production Support Incident
8 Hours
Platform Support Incident
8 Hours
Non-Critical Support Incident
24 Hours
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
10

4.3.
Enterprise Support.
Incident Type
Target Response Times
Production Support Incident
4 Hours
Platform Support Incident
4 Hours
Non-Critical Support Incident
8 Hours
5.
Exclusions. DNAnexus will have no obligation to provide Support to the extent an Incident arises from: (a) use of the Service in a
manner not authorized in the Agreement or the applicable Documentation; (b) general Internet problems, force majeure events or
other factors outside of DNAnexus' reasonable control; (c) Customer's equipment, software, network connections, other infrastructure
or Customer Materials; or (d) third party systems, acts or omissions (including any Library Tools or External Platforms).
6.
Resolution. After DNAnexus' first response to an Incident Report, DNAnexus shall work with Customer and Supported Users to identify
and use commercially reasonable efforts to resolve the issues leading to the Incident. An Incident Report will be considered resolved if
(a) the identified Service issues are actually resolved; or (b) the person who submitted the Incident Report does not respond within
seven (7) days to DNAnexus' requests for information or otherwise does not reasonably assist DNAnexus in resolving the issue.
7. Additional Resources. DNAnexus shall provide Customer access to DNAnexus' Frequently Asked Questions and online documentation.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
11

Exhibit B
SERVICE LEVELS
1. Target Availability. DNAnexus will use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Service available with an uptime of at least 99.6%
of all Scheduled Availability Time ("Target Availability"), calculated on a monthly, per-hour basis.
2.
Scheduled Availability Time. "Scheduled Availability Time" means twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week, excluding:
2.1.
a maintenance window of thirty (30) minutes scheduled on Tuesdays between 1:00 pm and 8:00 pm Pacific Time;
2.2.
any maintenance window for which notification is provided at least seventy-two (72) hours in advance;
2.3.
any time during which login is disabled due to lack of Customer login activity during a prescribed period or due to excessive
failed login attempts;
2.4.
any time during which a login attempt fails because of a forgotten password; or
2.5.
any time during which the Service is unavailable due to (a) use of the Service by Customer in a manner not authorized in this
Agreement or the applicable Documentation; (b) Customer's equipment, software, Tools, network connections or other
infrastructure; (c) general Internet problems, force majeure events or other factors outside of DNAnexus's reasonable control
(including Tools; denial of service attacks and failures of third party equipment, software or other technology not in
DNAnexus's direct control); or (d) third party systems, acts or omissions.
3.
Procedure.
To be eligible to receive Service Credits (as defined below), Customer must submit a claim by email to
support@dnanexus.com for any Service downtime no later than five (5) business days after such downtime. The claim must include (a)
the words "Service Credit Request" in the subject line, (b) the dates and times of any Service downtime and (c) Customer logs,
redacted to omit confidential or sensitive information, that document and corroborate Customer's attempted activity that failed.
DNAnexus will have no obligation to issue Service Credits if the procedures of this Section 3 are not followed.
4.
Service Credits. In the event that DNAnexus confirms at the end of a calendar month that the Target Availability was not met,
Customer will be eligible to receive a number of Service Credits.
4.1.
Each "Service Credit" is 1% of the total fees payable by Customer for the Service in a calendar month in which the Target
Availability is not met.
4.2.
The number of Service Credits that Customer may receive will be calculated as follows:
Uptime
Service Credits
99.00% - 99.59%
5
98.00% - 98.99%
10
96.00% - 97.99%
15
< 96.00%
20
For the avoidance of doubt, Customer may never receive more than twenty (20) Service Credits in a single month.
4.3.
DNAnexus shall apply each Service Credit to Customer's next invoice, provided that Customer's account is fully paid up,
without any outstanding payment issues or disputes. Customer will not receive any refunds for any unused Service Credits. A
Service Credit will be issued only if the credit amount for the applicable monthly billing cycle is greater than $10.
5.
Exclusive Remedies. Service Credits constitute liquidated damages and are not a penalty. Service Credits shall be Customer's sole and
exclusive remedy, and DNAnexus's sole and exclusive liability, for DNAnexus's failure to meet the Target Availability.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
12

Exhibit C
DATA AND SECURITY POLICY
Introduction
At DNAnexus we take the protection of Customer Data extremely seriously. This Data and Security Policy ("Policy") describes the
organizational and platform-wide technical measures implemented by DNAnexus that are designed to prevent unauthorized access, use,
alteration or disclosure of Customer Data. The DNAnexus Service operates on Amazon Web Services ("AWS") or Microsoft Azure ("Azure")
as selected by Customer (collectively, the "Infrastructure Providers"); this Policy describes activities of DNAnexus within its instance on the
applicable Infrastructure Provider unless otherwise specified.
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Policy will have the meanings set forth in the DNAnexus online "Subscription Terms of
Service" (https://www.dnanexus.com/terms) or in the Master Subscription Agreement between DNAnexus and you ("Customer") under
which Customer is granted access to the DNAnexus Service ("Agreement"). In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the
Agreement and this Policy, this Policy will control.
1.
General Security Features of the DNAnexus Service
1.1. Industry standard virtual firewall and other security technologies.
1.2. Network infrastructure for DNAnexus instances designed with physical and logical access controls based on the "principle of
least access," including filters that allow only the minimum required traffic.
1.3. Procedures to manage system-level access.
1.4. Policy and role-based access control model to log User access information for compliance audit and incident investigation
purposes.
1.5. Two-factor authentication and certificates (or an alternative strong authentication method) to authenticate DNAnexus' remote
administrators who manage the DNAnexus Service.
1.6. Implementation of system software upgrades and patches, including a patching review interval of once per calendar quarter for
security impacting patches. In addition to this regular patching review schedule, if DNAnexus becomes aware at any time of a
security vulnerability with the DNAnexus Service, DNAnexus shall implement appropriate patches promptly and in the case of
critical patches, as soon as possible.
1.7. Testing, evaluating, and authorizing system components before implementation.
1.8. Periodic risk assessments and other procedures designed to detect actual and attempted attacks or intrusions into systems and
to proactively test security procedures (for example, penetration testing).
1.9. Destruction and disposal of Customer Data in accordance with applicable industry standards, such as the DoD 5220.22-M, FIPS
800-88, and DIN 66399 standards for data sanitation.
2. Encryption
2.1. Encryption Algorithms. DNAnexus uses cryptographic algorithms that have been published and evaluated by the general
cryptographic community to encrypt Customer Data at rest and in transit. DNAnexus shall use encryption algorithms that have
at least 256-bit key lengths (or the cryptographic equivalent).
2.2. Data Transfers. DNAnexus uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) standards, or then-current successor protocols, designed to protect
Customer Data from unauthorized access during transfers to and from the DNAnexus Service. Each SSL connection will use at
least AES-256 encryption. All HTTP communications will use SSL connections via the HTTPS protocol.
2.3. Passwords. DNAnexus stores User passwords within a secured database server hosted on the applicable Infrastructure Provider,
using industry standard security measures behind DNAnexus' firewall. DNAnexus uses SHA-256 or another hashing function of
at least equivalent strength to scramble or hash the password database. The DNAnexus Service requires passwords upon
startup to connect to Customer's Account. Alternatively, customers may configure their org to use their own Single Sign On
(SSO), whereupon the password complexity and multifactor authentication is the responsibility of the customer.
2.4. Encryption Key Management. DNAnexus uses commercially reasonable encryption key management procedures, including
maintaining customer-specific encryption keys and logically segregating encryption keys from encrypted Customer Data. Upon
Customer's request, no more than one time per year, DNAnexus shall provide documentation of its security controls for
encryption key management. DNAnexus shall utilize an effective key destruction technique, such as crypto shredding, to ensure
that the encryption keys are destroyed and unrecoverable after the Agreement is terminated.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
13

3.
Certifications
3.1. DNAnexus is ISO 27001 certified with ISO 27002 controls.
3.2. DNAnexus has FedRAMP "Authority to Operate" at Moderate renewed on 03-Jan-2022.
3.3. When engaging in certain data transfers between the EEA and other countries, DNAnexus enters into Standard Contractual
Clauses following the invalidation of the EU-US Privacy Shield. DNAnexus views itself as a Data Processor under GDPR.
4. DNAnexus Information Security Program
4.1. DNAnexus maintains an internal Information Security Program consistent with this Policy.
4.2. DNAnexus requires its personnel with access to Customer Data to confirm (on an annual basis) that they will comply with all
applicable DNAnexus policies related to security of Customer Data.
4.3. DNAnexus allocates training and other resources to support compliance with its Information Security, Privacy and Quality
Programs as well as the DNAnexus Code of Conduct
5.
Business Continuity Plan
5.1. DNAnexus shall establish, implement, test, and maintain a business continuity plan (including without limitation disaster
recovery and crisis management procedures) to provide continued access to, and support for the DNAnexus Service to
Customer. Upon Customer's request, no more than one time per year, DNAnexus will provide a written summary of DNAnexus'
Business Continuity Plan, including confirmation that it has successfully tested the Business Continuity Plan.
5.2. The Recovery Time Objective (RTO) of the DNAnexus Service is 8 hours. The Recovery Point Objective (RPO) is 4 hours.
5.3. Customer is responsible for the backup and recovery of objects in its Account on the DNAnexus Service platform.
6. Incident Response
6.1. Mitigation of Vulnerabilities. DNAnexus shall promptly commence mitigating any critical security or privacy vulnerabilities upon
discovery.
6.2. Notification of Security or Privacy Breach. Upon becoming aware of any unauthorized access to any Customer Data stored in the
DNAnexus Service, DNAnexus will promptly:
6.2.1. notify Customer's Information Security and/or Privacy Department of the incident;
6.2.2. investigate the incident by conducting a through root-cause analysis, producing a report of such analysis and providing
such report to Customer upon conclusion of its investigation;
6.2.3. provide Customer with detailed information about the incident;
6.2.4. take all commercially reasonable steps to mitigate the effects of the incident and provide a report of such mitigation
efforts to Customer; and
6.2.5. implement a remediation plan and monitor the resolution of breaches and vulnerabilities related to Customer Data to
ensure that appropriate corrective action is taken on a timely basis.
6.3. Communications with Third Parties. Where legally permitted, DNAnexus shall provide prior notice to Customer of any proposed
communications to third parties related to any security incident involving Customer Data and will reasonably coordinate with
Customer regarding such communications. DNAnexus shall not issue any public communication regarding any security incident
involving Customer Data that identifies Customer without Customer's approval unless required by applicable law.
7.
Audits
7.1. Audits. DNAnexus commissions annual independent audits of its ISO 27001 and FedRAMP controls. The audit is specific to the
DNAnexus Service.
7.2. Reports. On an annual basis upon Customer's request, DNAnexus shall provide Customer a summary of its most recent
third-party audit report documenting DNAnexus' compliance with its certifications and controls.
7.3. Customer Tests. Customer may conduct non-intrusive network tests of the DNAnexus Service (specifically, basic port scans or
similar tests that do not require authentication or login) with reasonable prior notice and DNAnexus' consent (which DNAnexus
may withhold in its sole discretion). Customer is strictly prohibited from performing any load test, denial-of-service simulation
or vulnerability scan. At no time may Customer attempt to access the data or account of another DNAnexus customer.
8. Infrastructure Providers
8.1. The DNAnexus Service is hosted on infrastructure of the Infrastructure Provider listed in the applicable Order Form in the region
specified in the applicable Order Form.
8.2. The DNAnexus Service builds on the physical security and environmental controls provided by its Infrastructure Providers.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
14

8.2.1. See https://aws.amazon.com/security/ for details of AWS security infrastructure and information about AWS security
certifications and obtaining copies of security reports.
8.2.2. See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/security/azure-security for details of Azure security infrastructure and
information about Azure security certifications and obtaining copies of security reports.
9. Customer Responsibilities
9.1. Confidentiality. All reports provided by DNAnexus are "DNAnexus Confidential". Customer shall maintain the confidentiality of
such reports.
9.2.
Compliance. Customer is responsible for complying with the terms of Customer's Agreement with DNAnexus, including
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.
9.3. Access Permissions and Account De-provisioning. Customer is responsible for managing its own User accounts and roles from
within the DNAnexus Service, including de-provisioning User access.
9.4.
Credentials. Customer is responsible for protecting its own Account and User credentials by using multi-factor authentication
and industry standard password complexity protocols for all Users and promptly notifying DNAnexus if a User credential has
been compromised.
9.5. Backup and Archives. Customer is responsible for maintaining backups and archives of all Customer Data input into the
DNAnexus Service.
9.6.
Malware. Customer is responsible for scanning all Customer Tools for the presence of viruses, malware and other harmful code.
9.7. Security/Privacy Threats. Customer is responsible for promptly notifying DNAnexus if Customer suspects possible suspicious
activities or security/privacy threats that could negatively impact security of the DNAnexus Service, Customer Data or
Customer's Account.
DNAnexus Master Subscription Agreement (July 2022)
15