[CLAUSE_START: 2. Ordering and Term]
A. Ordering Services. Customer may order the Services set forth in the relevant Attachments, attached hereto, by executing an Order Form in the format provided by RingCentral. Customer must submit the Order Form to RingCentral either in writing or electronically via the Administrative Portal. The Order Form will identify the Services requested by Customer together with: (i) the price for each Service; (ii) scheduled Start Date; (iii) and products rented, licensed, or sold to Customer, if any. An Order Form will become binding when it is executed by the Customer and accepted by RingCentral. RingCentral may accept an Order Form by commencing performance of the requested Services. The Services and invoicing for those Services will begin on the Start Date, as identified in the applicable Order Form or on the day Services are ordered via the Administrative Portal. Customer may purchase additional Services, software, and equipment via the Administrative Portal or by executing additional Order Forms.
B. Equipment. Customer may purchase or rent equipment from RingCentral for use with the Services. The terms and conditions that govern any such transaction can be found at:
i. Purchase: http://www.ringcentral.com/legal/ringcentral-hardware-terms-conditions.html, and
ii. Rental: http://www.ringcentral.com/legal/lease-rental.html.
C. Term of this Agreement. The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue until the last Order Form is terminated or expires, unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.
D. Services Term. The Services Term will begin on the Start Date of the initial Order Form and continue for the initial term set forth in the initial Order Form ("Initial Term"). Upon expiration of the Initial Term, unless otherwise set forth in the Order Form, the term recurring Services will automatically renew for successive periods as set forth in the initial Order Form (each a "Renewal Term") unless either Party gives notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days before the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term. The Term of any recurring Services added to your Account after the initial Order Form is executed will start on the Start Date in the applicable Order Form, will run coterminously with the then-current Term of any preexisting Services unless otherwise extended in the applicable Order Form, and will be invoiced on the same billing cycles as the preexisting Services.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 3. Invoicing and Payment]
A. Prices and Charges. All prices are identified in US dollars on the Administrative Portal or in the applicable Order Form unless otherwise agreed by the Parties. Additional charges may result if Customer activates additional features, exceeds usage thresholds, or purchases additional Services or equipment. Customer will be liable for all charges resulting from use of the Services on its Account. Unless otherwise agreed between the Parties, recurring charges (such as charges for Digital Lines, product licenses, minute bundles, and equipment rental fees) for the Services begin on the Start Date identified in the Administrative Portal or in the applicable Order Form and will remain in effect for the Initial Term (as described in an Order Form) or, if applicable, the then-current Renewal Term. RingCentral will provide notice of any proposed increase in such charges no later than sixty (60) days before the end of the Initial Term or then-current Renewal Term, and any such increase will be effective on the first day of the next Renewal Term. Administrative Fees that Ring Central is entitled to pass on to its customers as a surcharge pursuant to applicable Law may be increased on thirty (30) days' written notice. Outbound calling rates will be applied based on the rate in effect at the time of use. Customer may locate the currently effective rates in the Administrative Portal.
B. Invoicing and Payment. Invoices will be issued in accordance with the payment terms set forth in the Order Form. If Customer chooses to pay by credit or debit card, by providing a valid credit or debit card, Customer is expressly authorizing all Services and equipment charges and fees to be charged to such payment card, including recurring payments billed on a monthly or annual basis. In addition, Customer's provided credit card shall be used for any in-month purchases of additional services and products, or where Customer has exceeded usage or threshold limits, any overage charges. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Order Form, recurring charges are invoiced in advance in the frequency set forth in the Order Form, and usage-based and onetime charges are billed monthly in arrears. Customer shall make payment in full, without deduction or set-off, within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Any payment not made when due may be subject to a late payment fee equivalent to the lesser of (i) one and a half percent (1.5%) per month or (ii) if applicable, the highest rate allowed by Law. In no event may payment be subject to delays due to Customer internal purchase order process.
C. Taxes. All rates, fees, and charges are exclusive of applicable Taxes, for which Customer is solely responsible. Taxes may vary based on jurisdiction and the Services provided. If any withholding tax is levied on the payments, then Customer must increase the sums paid to RingCentral so that the amount received by RingCentral after the withholding tax is deducted is the full amount RingCentral would have received if no withholding or deduction had been made. If Customer is a tax-exempt entity, tax exemption will take effect upon provision to and validation by RingCentral of certificate of tax exemption.
D. Billing Disputes. If a Customer reasonably and in good faith disputes any portion of RingCentral's invoice, it must provide written notice to RingCentral within thirty (30) days of the invoice date, identifying the reason for the dispute and the amount being disputed. Customer's dispute as to any portion of the invoice will not excuse Customer's obligation to timely pay the undisputed portion of the invoice. Upon resolution, Customer must pay any validly invoiced unpaid amounts within thirty (30) days. Any amounts that are found to be in error resulting in an overpayment by the Customer will be applied as a billing credit against future invoices. Customer will be reimbursed any outstanding billing credits at the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 4. Provision of the Service]
A. General Terms. RingCentral will provide the Services as described in the relevant Service Attachment. RingCentral may enhance, replace, and/or change the features of the Services, but it will not materially reduce the core features, functions, or security of the Services during the Term without Customer's consent.
B. Customer Care
i. Customer must provide Helpdesk Support to Customer's End Users. RingCentral may require Customer's Helpdesk Support personnel to complete a designated series of training courses on RingCentral's Services. Such training will be provided to Customer online in English at no cost.
ii. RingCentral will make remote support available to Customer's Helpdesk Support personnel and/or Account Administrators via the Customer Care call center, which will be available 24/7, to attempt to resolve technical issues with, and answer questions regarding the use of the Services. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, Customer Care support will be provided in English, and onsite and implementation services are not included in the Customer Care support.
iii. Customer may open a case with Customer Care following the process in place at the time. Any individual contacting Customer Care on behalf of Customer must be authorized to do so on behalf of the Account and will be required to follow applicable authentication protocols.
C. Professional Services. RingCentral offers a broad portfolio of professional services that includes onsite and remote implementation services; extended enterprise services including premium technical support; and consulting. Any such services are governed by this Agreement, the Professional Services terms, and any applicable Statement of Work (SOW), which may be attached hereto.
D. Advanced Support. Customer may purchase Advanced Support services from RingCentral for use with the Services. The terms and conditions that govern the Advanced Support can be found at: https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/enterprise-service-attachment.html.
E. Managed Services. Customer may purchase Managed Services from RingCentral for use with the Services. The terms and conditions that govern the Managed Services can be found at: https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/managed-services-attachment.html.
F. Subcontracting. RingCentral may provide any of the Services hereunder through any of its Affiliates or subcontractors, provided that RingCentral will bear the same degree of responsibility for acts and omissions for those subcontractors acting on RingCentral's behalf in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement as it would bear if such acts and omissions were performed by RingCentral directly.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 5. Use of the Service]
A. Service Requirements. The Services are dependent upon Customer's maintenance of sufficient Internet access, networks, and power as set forth in RingCentral's Technical Sufficiency Criteria, available at https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/policies/technical-sufficiency-criteria.html. RingCentral will not be responsible for any deficiencies in the provision of the Services if Customer's network does not meet RingCentral's Technical Sufficiency Criteria.
B. Use Policies. Customer and its End Users may use the Services only in compliance with this Agreement, applicable Law, and the Use Policies referenced below, which are incorporated into and form part of this Agreement. Customer must ensure that its End Users comply with the Use Policies. Any breach of this Section (Use Policies) will be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. RingCentral may update the Use Policies from time to time and will provide notice of material updates to Customer at the email address on file with the Account. All updates will become effective thirty (30) days after such notice to Customer or upon posting for non-material changes. Customer may object to a modification that negatively impacts its use of the Service by sending written notice ("Objection Notice") to RingCentral within thirty (30) days from the date of the notice of modification. If the Parties cannot reach agreement, then either Party may terminate the affected Services without penalty with thirty (30) days written notice to the other Party.
i. Acceptable Use Policy. The Services must be used in accordance with RingCentral's Acceptable Use Policy, available at https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/acceptable-use-policy.html. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, RingCentral may act immediately and without notice to suspend or limit the Services if RingCentral reasonably suspects fraudulent or illegal activity in the Customer's Account, material breach of the Acceptable Use Policy, or use of the Services that could interfere with the functioning of the RingCentral Network provided such suspension or limitation may only be to the extent reasonably necessary to protect against the applicable condition, activity, or use. RingCentral will promptly remove the suspension or limitation as soon as the condition, activity or use is resolved and mitigated in full. If Customer anticipates legitimate but unusual activity on its Account, Customer should contact Customer Care in advance to avoid any Service disruption.
ii. Emergency Services. RingCentral's policy governing the provision of emergency services accessed via the Services is available at https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/emergency-services.html.
iii. Numbering Policy. The provision, use, and publication of numbers used in conjunction with the Services are governed by RingCentral's Numbering Policies, available at https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/policies/numbering-policy.html.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 6. Termination]
A. Termination for Cause. Either Party may terminate this Agreement and any Services purchased hereunder in whole or part by giving written notice to the other Party: i) if the other Party breaches any material term of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice; ii) at the written recommendation of a government or regulatory agency following a change in either applicable Law or the Services; or iii) upon the commencement by or against the other Party of insolvency, receivership or bankruptcy proceedings or any other proceedings or an assignment for the benefit of creditors.
B. Effect of Termination. If Customer terminates the Services, a portion of the Services, or this Agreement in its entirety due to RingCentral's material breach under Section 6(A) (Termination for Cause), Customer will not be liable for any fees or charges for terminated Services for any period subsequent to the effective date of such termination (except those arising from continued usage before the Services are disconnected), and RingCentral will provide Customer a pro-rata refund of any prepaid and unused fees or charges paid by Customer for terminated Services. If this Agreement or any Services are terminated for any reason other than as a result of a material breach by RingCentral or as otherwise permitted pursuant to Section 6(A) or as set forth in Section 14(I) (Regulatory and Legal Changes) the Customer must, to the extent permitted by applicable Law and without limiting any other right or remedy of RingCentral, pay within thirty (30) days of such termination all amounts that have accrued prior to such termination, as well as all sums remaining unpaid for the Services for the remainder of the then-current Term plus related Taxes and fees.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 7. Intellectual Property]
A. Limited License
i. Subject to, and conditional upon Customer's compliance with, the terms of this Agreement, RingCentral grants to Customer and its End User, a limited, personal, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable (other than as permitted under this Agreement), non-sublicensable license to use any software provided or made available by RingCentral to the Customer as part of the Services ("Software") to the extent reasonably required to use the Services as permitted by this Agreement, only for the duration that Customer is entitled to use the Services and subject to the Customer being current on its payment obligations.
ii. Customer will not, and will not allow its End Users, to: (a) sublicense, resell, distribute or assign its right under the license granted under this Agreement to any other person or entity; (b) modify, adapt or create derivative works of the Software or any associated documentation; (c) reverse engineer, decompile, decrypt, disassemble or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Software; (d) use the Software for infringement analysis, benchmarking, or for any purpose other than as necessary to use the Services Customer is authorized to use; (e) create any competing Software or Services; or (f) remove
B. IP Rights
i. RingCentral's Rights. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, the limited license granted to Customer under Section 7(A) (Limited License) does not convey any ownership or other rights or licenses, express or implied, in the Services (including the Software), any related materials, or in any Intellectual Property and no IP Rights or other rights or licenses are granted, transferred, or assigned to Customer, any End User, or any other party by implication, estoppel, or otherwise. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved and retained by RingCentral and its licensors. The Software and Services may comprise or incorporate services, software, technology, or products developed or provided by third parties, including open-source software or code. Customer acknowledges that misuse of RingCentral Services may violate third-party IP rights.
ii. Customer Rights. As between RingCentral and Customer, Customer retains title to all IP Rights that are owned by the Customer or its suppliers. To the extent reasonably required or desirable for the provision of the Services, Customer grants to RingCentral a limited, personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free, license to use Customer's IP Rights in the same. Customer must provide (and is solely responsible for providing) all required notices and obtaining all licenses, consents, authorizations, or other approvals related to the Information or incorporates any third-party IP rights.
C. Use of Marks. Neither Party may use or display the other Party's trademarks, service mark or logos in any manner without such Party's prior written consent.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 9. Data Protection]
A. Data Privacy. RingCentral respects Customer's privacy and will only use the information provided by Customer to RingCentral or collected in the provision of the Services in accordance with RingCentral's Data Processing Addendum, available at https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/dpa.html, incorporated by reference. RingCentral may update the Data Processing Addendum from time to time and will provide notice of any material updates to the Customer as required by applicable Laws at the email address on file with the Account. Such updates will be effective thirty (30) days after such notice to Customer.
B. Data Security. RingCentral will take commercially reasonable precautions, including, without limitation, technical (e.g., firewalls and data encryption), organizational, administrative, and physical measures, to help safeguard Customer's Account, Account Data, and Customer Content against unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. Customer must protect all End Points using commercially reasonable security measures. Customer is solely responsible to keep all user identifications and passwords secure. Customer must monitor use of the Services for possible unlawful or fraudulent use. Customer must notify RingCentral immediately if Customer becomes aware or has reason to believe that the Services are being used fraudulently or without authorization by any End User or third party. Failure to notify RingCentral may result in the suspension or termination of the Services and additional charges to Customer resulting from such use. RingCentral will not be liable for any charges resulting from unauthorized use of Customer's Account.
C. Software Changes. RingCentral may from time-to-time push software updates and patches directly to Customer's device(s) for installation and Customer will not prevent RingCentral from doing so. Customer must implement promptly all fixes, updates, upgrades and replacements of software and third-party software that may be provided by RingCentral. RingCentral will not be liable for inoperability of the Services or any other Services failures due to failure of Customer to timely implement the required changes.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 10. Limitations of Liability]
A. Excluded Damages
IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS OR THEIR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR (1) INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; (2) LOSS OF USE OR LOSS OF DATA; (3) LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, REVENUES OR PROFITS; OR (4) COSTS OF PROCURING REPLACEMENT PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, IN ALL CASES WHETHER ARISING UNDER CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED IN ADVANCE OF SUCH DAMAGES OR SUCH DAMAGES COULD HAVE BEEN REASONABLY FORESEEN.
B. Liability Caps
EXCEPT AS SET FORTH HEREIN, THE TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE PREVIOUS SIX (6) MONTHS. LIMITATIONS UNDER THIS SECTION (LIABILITY CAPS) WILL NOT APPLY TO:
i. FEES OWED BY CUSTOMER
ii. EITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY FOR INFRINGEMENT OF THE OTHER PARTY'S IP RIGHTS
iii. EITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY RESULTING FROM GROSS NEGLIGENCE, FRAUD, OR WILLFUL OR CRIMINAL MISCONDUCT
iv. CUSTOMER'S LIABILITY RESULTING FROM USE OF THE SERVICES IN BREACH OF THE ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY OR EMERGENCY SERVICES POLICY
v. EITHER PARTY'S LIABILITY ARISING FROM DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY NEGLIGENCE, OR FOR ANY OTHER LIABILITY WHICH MAY NOT BE RESTRICTED, LIMITED, OR EXCLUDED PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 11. Indemnification]
A. Indemnification by RingCentral
i. RingCentral shall indemnify and hold harmless the Customer and its Affiliates for Indemnifiable Amounts, and shall defend any third-party claims or causes of action (a "Third Party Claim") to the extent such Third Party Claim arises out of or alleges that:
a. The Services, as provided by RingCentral, infringe or misappropriate the patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret rights of a third party.
ii. RingCentral will have no obligations under subsection (i) above to the extent the Third Party Claim arises from: (a) use of the Services in combination with data, software, hardware, equipment, or technology not provided or authorized by RingCentral in writing unless any of the foregoing are necessary for the proper operation of the Services; (b) modifications to the Services not made by RingCentral; (c) Customer Content; (d) failure to promptly install any updates of any software or firmware or accept or use any modified or replacement items provided free of charge by or on behalf of RingCentral; (e) breach of the Agreement; or (f) a Third Party Claim brought by Customer's Affiliate, successor, or assignee.
iii. If such a Third-Party Claim is made or appears possible, Customer agrees to permit RingCentral, at RingCentral's sole discretion and expense, to (a) modify or replace the Services, or component or part thereof, to make it non-infringing or (b) obtain the right for Customer to continue to use the Services. If RingCentral determines that neither alternative is commercially reasonable, RingCentral may terminate this Agreement in its entirety or with respect to the affected Service, component or part (a "Discontinued Component"), effective immediately on written notice to Customer, in which case Customer will not owe any fees or charges relating to the Discontinued Component for any period subsequent to the date of such termination, and will be entitled to receive a refund of any prepaid but unused fees relating to the Discontinued Component. In the event the removal of the Discontinued Component does not substantially affect Customer's use of the Services, the refund or fee abatement pursuant to the foregoing shall be a reasonable portion of the total fees owed by Customer for the Services as a whole based on the significance of the Discontinued Component to the total value of the Services as a whole. RingCentral's obligations under this Sub-Section will be RingCentral's sole and exclusive liability and Customer's sole and exclusive remedies with respect to any actual or alleged intellectual property violations.
B. Indemnification by Customer. Customer shall indemnify, and hold harmless RingCentral and its Affiliates for Indemnifiable Amounts, and shall defend any Third Party Claims arising out of or in connection with: (i) material violation of applicable Law by the Customer, its Affiliates, or their respective End Users in connection with their use of the Services; (ii) use of the Services in breach of the Use Policies; (iii) failure to promptly install any updates of any software or firmware or accept or use modified or replacement items provided free of charge by or on behalf of RingCentral; or (iv) Customer Content.
C. Defense and Indemnification Procedures. Any Party seeking indemnification under this Section 11 (the "Indemnified Party") shall provide the Party from which it seeks such indemnification (the "Indemnifying Party") with the following: (a) prompt written notice of the Third-Party Claim, (b) sole control over the defense and settlement of the Third-Party Claim, and (c) reasonable information, cooperation, and assistance (at the Indemnifying Party's sole expense except for the value of the time of the Indemnified Party's personnel) in connection with the defense and settlement of the Third-Party Claim. The Indemnified Party's failure to comply with the foregoing obligations will not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its defense or indemnification obligations under this Section 11 (Indemnification) except to the extent that the Indemnifying Party is materially prejudiced by such failure. The Indemnified Party will have the right to participate (but not control), at its own expense, in the defense of such Third-Party Claim, including any related settlement negotiations. No such claim may be settled by the Indemnifying Party without the Indemnified Party's express written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed) unless such settlement includes a full and complete release of all claims and actions against the Indemnified Party by each party bringing such Third-Party Claim, requires no admission of fault, liability, or guilt by the Indemnified Party, and requires no act by the Indemnified Party other than the payment of a sum of money fully indemnified by the Indemnifying Party.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 12. Warranties]
A. RingCentral Warranty. RingCentral will provide the Services using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care, in material compliance with all applicable Laws and otherwise subject to the terms of this Agreement. To the extent permitted by Law, RingCentral shall pass through to Customer any and all warranties RingCentral receives in connection with equipment provided to Customer by or on behalf of RingCentral.
B. Customer Warranty. Customer's and its End Users' use of the Services must always comply with all applicable Laws and this Agreement.
C. Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE," AND RINGCENTRAL MAKES NO OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT, QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE IN TRADE, TOGETHER WITH SIMILAR WARRANTIES, WHETHER ARISING UNDER ANY LAW OR OTHERWISE. TO THE EXTENT THAT RINGCENTRAL CANNOT DISCLAIM ANY SUCH WARRANTY AS A MATTER OF APPLICABLE LAW, THE SCOPE AND DURATION OF SUCH WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 13. Dispute Resolution]
A. Governing Law. Any dispute arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to its choice of law rules and the parties agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the courts in San Francisco, California. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement or Customer's use of the products or Services.
B. Good Faith Attempt to Settle Disputes. In the event of a dispute, each Party shall appoint a duly authorized representative who shall use all reasonable endeavors to resolve in good faith any dispute within reasonable timescales.
C. Equitable Relief. Any breach of either Party's IP Rights may cause that Party irreparable harm for which monetary damages will be inadequate and such Party may, in addition to other remedies available at Law or in equity, obtain injunctive relief without the necessity of posting a bond or other security, proof of damages, or similar requirement, in additional to any other relief to which such Party may be entitled under applicable Law.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 14. Miscellaneous]
A. Relationship of the Parties. RingCentral and Customer are independent contractors, and this Agreement will not establish any relationship of partnership, joint venture, employment, franchise or agency between RingCentral and Customer.
B. Assignment. Neither Party may assign the Agreement or any portion thereof without the other Party's prior written consent (which such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), however either Party may assign the Agreement and all of that Party's rights and obligations thereunder without consent (a) to an Affiliate; (b) to the Party's successor or surviving entity in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of its assets used in connection with the provision of Services under this Agreement; or (c) as part of the transfer or disposition of more than fifty percent (50%) of a Party's voting control or assets. This Agreement will bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties, and their permitted assigns and successors.
C. Notices. Except where otherwise expressly stated in the Agreement, all notices or other communications must be in English and are deemed to have been fully given when made in writing and delivered in person, upon delivered email, confirmed facsimile, or five days after deposit with an reputable overnight courier service, and addressed as follows: To RingCentral at RingCentral, Inc., Legal Dept., 20 Davis Drive, Belmont, CA 94002 USA, with a copy to legal@ringcentral.com, and to Customer at either the physical address or email address associated with the Customer Account. Customer acknowledges and agrees that all electronic notices have the full force and effect of paper notices. The addresses to which notices may be given by either Party may be changed (a) by RingCentral upon written notice given to Customer pursuant to this Section or (b) by Customer in the Administrative Portal.
D. Force Majeure. Excluding either Party's payment obligations under the Agreement, neither Party will be responsible or liable for any failure to perform or delay in performing to the extent resulting from any event or circumstance that is beyond that Party's reasonable control, including without limitation any act of God; national emergency; third-party telecommunications networks; riot; war; terrorism; governmental act or direction; change in Laws; fiber, cable, or wire cut; power outage or reduction; rebellion; revolution; insurrection; earthquake; storm; hurricane; flood, fire, or other natural disaster; strike or labor disturbance; or other cause, whether similar or dissimilar to the foregoing, not resulting from the actions or inactions of such Party.
E. Third-Party Beneficiaries. RingCentral and Customer agree that there will be no third-party beneficiaries to this Agreement.
F. Headings, Interpretation. The headings, section titles, and captions used in the Agreement are for convenience of reference only and will have no legal effect. All defined terms include related grammatical forms, and, whenever the context may require, the singular form of nouns and pronouns include the plural, and vice versa. The Parties agree that this Agreement will be deemed to have been jointly and equally drafted by them, and that the provisions of this Agreement therefore should not be construed against a Party or Parties on the grounds that the Party or Parties drafted or was more responsible for drafting the provision(s).
G. Anti-Bribery. Each Party represents that in the execution of this Agreement and in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement it has complied and will comply with all applicable anti-bribery Laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act, and similar applicable Laws.
H. Export Control. Any services, products, software, and technical information (including, but not limited to, services and training) provided pursuant to the Agreement may be subject to U.S. export Laws and regulations. Customer will not use distribute, transfer, or transmit the services, products, software, or technical information (even if incorporated into other products) except in compliance with U.S. and other applicable export regulations.
I. Regulatory and Legal Changes. In the event of any change in Law, regulation or industry change that would prohibit or otherwise materially interfere with RingCentral's ability to provide Services under this Agreement, RingCentral may terminate the affected Services or this Agreement or otherwise modify the terms thereof.
J. Entire Agreement. The Agreement, together with any exhibits, Order Forms, Use Policies, and Attachments, each of which is expressly incorporated into this Agreement with this reference, constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes and replaces any and all prior or contemporaneous understandings, proposals, representations, marketing materials, statements, or agreements, whether oral, written, or otherwise, regarding such subject.
K. Order of Precedence. In the event of any conflict between the documents comprising this Agreement, precedence will be given to the documents in the following descending order: (i) the applicable Order Form (and any hyperlinks therein); (ii) the applicable Attachment; (iii) the main body of this Agreement; (iv) Use Policies and Data Processing Addendum incorporated by reference in this Agreement; and (v) and any other document expressly referred to in this Agreement which governs the Services. With respect to data processing, the Data Processing Addendum shall take precedence over any inconsistent terms in any of the documents listed in the previous sentence.
L. Amendments. Except as otherwise provided, this Agreement may only be modified by a written amendment executed by authorized representatives of both Parties. In no event will handwritten changes to any terms or conditions, including in the applicable Order Form, be effective.
M. Severability and Waiver. In the event any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, such provision(s) will be stricken and the remainder of this Agreement will remain legal, valid, and binding. The failure by either Party to exercise or enforce any right conferred by this Agreement will not be deemed to be a waiver of any such right or to operate so as to bar the exercise or enforcement of any such or other right on any later occasion. Except as otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, all rights and remedies stated in the Agreement are cumulative and in addition to any other rights and remedies available under the Agreement, at Law, or in equity.
N. Publicity. Subject to Customer's prior written approval, which may not be unreasonably withheld or denied, in each instance, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, RingCentral may identify Customer as a customer (including use of any Customer logo or trademark) and may refer to this Agreement during its earnings calls and in connection with its business deals, press releases, and marketing and/or promotional materials.
O. Execution. Each Party represents and warrants that: (a) it possesses the legal right and capacity to enter into the Agreement and to perform all of its obligations thereunder; (b) the individual signing the Agreement and (each executable part thereof) on that Party's behalf has full power and authority to execute and deliver the same; and (c) the Agreement will be a binding obligation of that Party. Each Party agrees that an Electronic Signature, whether digital or encrypted, is intended to authenticate this Agreement and to have the same force and effect as manual signatures.
P. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed electronically and in separate counterparts each of which when taken together will constitute one in the same original.
Q. Survival. The rights and obligations of either Party that by their nature would continue beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement or an Order Form will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement or the Order Form, including without limitation payment obligations, warranty disclaimers, indemnities, limitations of liability, definitions and miscellaneous.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: EXHIBIT A DEFINITIONS]
Definitions. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but otherwise not defined have the following meaning:
1. "Account" means the numbered account established with RingCentral and associated with Customer and the Services provided to Customer under this Agreement. For billing and convenience purposes, multiple services, Digital Lines, or End Users may be included in a single billing account, and/or a single Customer may have multiple billing accounts encompassing different geographic locations, business units, or other designations as requested by Customer and accepted by RingCentral.
2. "Account Administrator" means the person(s) who have been granted authority by Customer to set up, amend, or otherwise control settings and/or make additional purchases for the Account via the Administrative Portal. Account Administrators may have varying levels of Account rights, skills, or permissions.
3. "Account Data" means: any business contact information provided with the Account; RingCentral-generated logs of calling or other metadata developed or collected in the provision of the Services; configuration data; and records of Digital Lines and any Services purchased under this Agreement.
4. "Administrative Fees" means any administrative recovery fees, 911 cost recovery fees and the like separately charged by RingCentral to Customer.
5. "Administrative Portal" means the online administrative portal through which Account Administrators control settings and/or make additional purchases for the Account.
6. "Affiliate(s)" means a person or entity that is controlled by a Party hereto, controls a Party hereto, or is under common control with a Party hereto, and "control" means beneficial ownership of greater than fifty percent (50%) of an entity's then-outstanding voting securities or ownership interests.
7. "Attachment(s)" means documents appended to the contract containing additional terms for products and Services. Attachments and the terms and conditions contained therein are part of this Agreement.
8. [Intentionally omitted.]
9. "Customer Care" means Customer support operations delivered by RingCentral and/or its subcontractors.
10. "Customer Content" means the content of calls, facsimiles, SMS messages, voicemails, voice recordings, shared files, conferences, or other communications transmitted or stored through the Services.
11. "Digital Line" means a phone number assigned to an End User or a specifically designated location (e.g., conference room) and the associated voice service for inbound and outbound calling that permits an End User generally to make and receive calls to and from the public switched telephone network as well as to and from other extensions within the same Account.
12. [Intentionally omitted.]
13. "Electronic Signatures" means an electronic sound, symbol, or process, including clicking a digital button to accept, attached to or logically associated with a contract or other record and executed or adopted by a person with the intent to sign the record.
14. "End Point" means an application or device through which any End-User might access and/or use any of the Services, including without limitation IP Desk Phones, Desktop Clients, Web Clients, Mobile Applications, and Software Integrations.
15. "End User" means an individual user to whom Customer makes the Services available, and may be a natural person, and may include but is not limited to Customer's employees, consultants, clients, external users, invitees, contractors, and agents.
16. "Helpdesk Support" shall mean the performance of the following tasks:
• Standard feature/functionality ("how to") support for End Users (i.e. call forwarding, voice mail set-up, etc.).
• Standard management of the Admin Interface within the product.
• Support all moves, adds, changes, and deletes of employees.
17. "Indemnifiable Amounts" means all (X) damages and other amounts awarded against the Indemnified Party by a court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to a final judgment or a final award of an arbitral body in connection with such Third-Party Claim; (Y) any amounts payable by the Indemnified Party or its Affiliates pursuant to a binding, written agreement settling the Third Party Claim, provided such agreement is approved in advance in writing by the Indemnifying Party; and (Z) all reasonable costs and expenses paid to third parties by the Indemnified Party or its Affiliates in connection with the Indemnified Party's or its Affiliates' attorneys' fees and related expenses.
18. "Indemnifying Party" and "Indemnified Party" have the meanings set forth in Section 11(C) (Defense and Indemnification Procedures).
19. "Initial Term" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(D) (Services Term).
20. "Intellectual Property Rights" or "IP Rights" means all common law and statutory rights (whether registered or unregistered, or recorded or unrecorded, regardless of method) arising out of or associated with: (a) patents and patent applications, inventions, industrial designs, discoveries, business methods, and processes; (b) copyrights Information; (d) other proprietary rights relating to intangible property; (e) trademarks, trade names and service marks; (f) a person's name, likeness, voice, photograph or signature, including without limitation rights of personality, privacy, and publicity; (g) analogous rights to those set forth above; and (h) divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, renewals, reissuances and extensions of the foregoing (as applicable).
21. "Law" means any law, statute, regulation, rule, ordinance, administrative guidance, treaty or convention, or court or administrative order or ruling of any governing Federal, State, local or non-U.S. governmental body with jurisdiction over the Services.
22. "Order Form(s)" means a request for Service describing the type and quantity of Services required by Customer and submitted and accepted by the Parties in accordance with Section 2(A) (Ordering Services). The Order Form may be presented and executed via the Administrative Portal.
23. "Receiving Party" means the Party or its agents, including, but not limited to its Affiliates, officers, directors,
24. "Renewal Term" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(D) (Services Term).
25. "RingCentral Network" means the network and supporting facilities between and among the RingCentral points of presence ("PoP(s)"), up to and including the interconnection point between the RingCentral's network and facilities, and the public Internet, and the Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN). The RingCentral Network does not include the public Internet, a Customer's own private network, or the PSTN.
26. "Service(s)" means all services provided under this Agreement and set forth in one or more Order Form(s).
27. "Start Date" means the date so identified in the relevant Order Form or the date on which Customer orders Services via the Administrative Portal.
28. "Taxes" means any and all federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, and other taxes and fees charged or collected from Customers, including but not limited to any Universal Service Fund, TRS and 911 taxes and fees.
29. "Term" means the Initial Term plus any Renewal Terms.
30. "Third Party Claim" has the meaning set forth in Section 11(A) (Indemnification by RingCentral).
31. "Use Policy" refers to any of the policies identified in Section 5(B) (Use Policies).
[CLAUSE_END]