[CLAUSE_START: Agreement Structure and Incorporation of Attachments]
The Master Services Agreement ("Agreement") consists of the terms and conditions contained herein, and any Service Attachments applicable to Customer's Services, and any other Attachments agreed by the Parties, are incorporated into and form a part of this Agreement.
Exhibit A - Definitions
Attachment A - RingEX Services
Attachment B - RingCentral Contact Center Services
Attachment C - Engage Digital Services
Attachment D - RingCX Services
Attachment E - RingCentral Video Pro
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Ordering and Term]
A. Ordering Services. Customer may order the Services set forth in the relevant Attachments, attached hereto, by executing an Order Form in the format provided by RingCentral. Customer must submit the Order Form to RingCentral either in writing or electronically via the Administrative Portal. The Order Form will identify the Services requested by Customer together with: (i) the price for each Service; (ii) scheduled Start Date; (iii) and products rented, licensed, or sold to Customer, if any. An Order Form will become binding when it is executed by the Customer and accepted by RingCentral. RingCentral may accept an Order Form by commencing performance of the requested Services. The Services and invoicing for those Services will begin on the Start Date, as identified in the applicable Order Form or on the day Services are ordered via the Administrative Portal. Customer may purchase additional Services, software, and equipment via the Administrative Portal or by executing additional Order Forms.

B. Equipment. Customer may purchase or rent equipment from RingCentral for use with the Services. The terms and conditions that govern any such transaction can be found at:
i. Purchase: http://www.ringcentral.com/legal/ringcentral-hardware-terms-conditions.html, and
ii. Rental: http://www.ringcentral.com/legal/lease-rental.html.

C. Term of this Agreement. The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue until the last Order Form is terminated or expires, unless terminated earlier in accordance with its terms.

D. Services Term. The Services Term will begin on the Start Date of the initial Order Form and continue for the initial term set forth in the initial Order Form ("Initial Term"). Upon expiration of the Initial Term, unless otherwise set forth in the Order Form, the term recurring Services will automatically renew for successive periods as set forth in the initial Order Form (each a "Renewal Term") unless either Party gives notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days before the expiration of the Initial Term or the then-current Renewal Term. The Term of any recurring Services added to your Account after the initial Order Form is executed will start on the Start Date in the applicable Order Form, will run coterminously with the then-current Term of any preexisting Services unless otherwise extended in the applicable Order Form, and will be invoiced on the same billing cycles as the preexisting Services.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Invoicing and Payment]
A. Prices and Charges. All prices are identified in US dollars on the Administrative Portal or in the applicable Order Form unless otherwise agreed by the Parties. Additional charges may result if Customer activates additional features, exceeds usage thresholds, or purchases additional Services or equipment. Customer will be liable for all charges resulting from use of the Services on its Account. Unless otherwise agreed between the Parties, recurring charges (such as charges for Digital Lines, product licenses, minute bundles, and equipment rental fees) for the Services begin on the Start Date identified in the Administrative Portal or in the applicable Order Form and will remain in effect for the Initial Term (as described in an Order Form) or, if applicable, the then-current Renewal Term. RingCentral will provide notice of any proposed increase in such charges no later than sixty (60) days before the end of the Initial Term or then-current Renewal Term, and any such increase will be effective on the first day of the next Renewal Term. Administrative Fees that Ring Central is entitled to pass on to its customers as a surcharge pursuant to applicable Law may be increased on thirty (30) days' written notice. Outbound calling rates will be applied based on the rate in effect at the time of use. Customer may locate the currently effective rates in the Administrative Portal.

B. Invoicing and Payment. Invoices will be issued in accordance with the payment terms set forth in the Order Form. If Customer chooses to pay by credit or debit card, by providing a valid credit or debit card, Customer is expressly authorizing all Services and equipment charges and fees to be charged to such payment card, including recurring payments billed on a monthly or annual basis. In addition, Customer's provided credit card shall be used for any in-month purchases of additional services and products, or where Customer has exceeded usage or threshold limits, any overage charges. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Order Form, recurring charges are invoiced in advance in the frequency set forth in the Order Form, and usage-based and onetime charges are billed monthly in arrears. Customer shall make payment in full, without deduction or set-off, within thirty (30) days of the invoice date. Any payment not made when due may be subject to a late payment fee equivalent to the lesser of (i) one and a half percent (1.5%) per month or (ii) if applicable, the highest rate allowed by Law. In no event may payment be subject to delays due to Customer internal purchase order process.

C. Taxes. All rates, fees, and charges are exclusive of applicable Taxes, for which Customer is solely responsible. Taxes may vary based on jurisdiction and the Services provided. If any withholding tax is levied on the payments, then Customer must increase the sums paid to RingCentral so that the amount received by RingCentral after the withholding tax is deducted is the full amount RingCentral would have received if no withholding or deduction had been made. If Customer is a tax-exempt entity, tax exemption will take effect upon provision to and validation by RingCentral of certificate of tax exemption.

D. Billing Disputes. If a Customer reasonably and in good faith disputes any portion of RingCentral's invoice, it must provide written notice to RingCentral within thirty (30) days of the invoice date, identifying the reason for the dispute and the amount being disputed. Customer's dispute as to any portion of the invoice will not excuse Customer's obligation to timely pay the undisputed portion of the invoice. Upon resolution, Customer must pay any validly invoiced unpaid amounts within thirty (30) days. Any amounts that are found to be in error resulting in an overpayment by the Customer will be applied as a billing credit against future invoices. Customer will be reimbursed any outstanding billing credits at the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Provision of the Service]
A. General Terms. RingCentral will provide the Services as described in the relevant Service Attachment. RingCentral may enhance, replace, and/or change the features of the Services, but it will not materially reduce the core features, functions, or security of the Services during the Term without Customer's consent.

B. Customer Care
i. Customer must provide Helpdesk Support to Customer's End Users. RingCentral may require Customer's Helpdesk Support personnel to complete a designated series of training courses on RingCentral's Services. Such training will be provided to Customer online in English at no cost.
ii. RingCentral will make remote support available to Customer's Helpdesk Support personnel and/or Account Administrators via the Customer Care call center, which will be available 24/7, to attempt to resolve technical issues with, and answer questions regarding the use of the Services. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, Customer Care support will be provided in English, and onsite and implementation services are not included in the Customer Care support.
iii. Customer may open a case with Customer Care following the process in place at the time. Any individual contacting Customer Care on behalf of Customer must be authorized to do so on behalf of the Account and will be required to follow applicable authentication protocols.

C. Professional Services. RingCentral offers a broad portfolio of professional services that includes onsite and remote implementation services; extended enterprise services including premium technical support; and consulting. Any such services are governed by this Agreement, the Professional Services terms, and any applicable Statement of Work (SOW), which may be attached hereto.

D. Advanced Support. Customer may purchase Advanced Support services from RingCentral for use with the Services. The terms and conditions that govern the Advanced Support can be found at: https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/enterprise-service-attachment.html.

E. Managed Services. Customer may purchase Managed Services from RingCentral for use with the Services. The terms and conditions that govern the Managed Services can be found at: https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/managed-services-attachment.html.

F. Subcontracting. RingCentral may provide any of the Services hereunder through any of its Affiliates or subcontractors, provided that RingCentral will bear the same degree of responsibility for acts and omissions for those subcontractors acting on RingCentral's behalf in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement as it would bear if such acts and omissions were performed by RingCentral directly.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Use of the Service]
A. Service Requirements. The Services are dependent upon Customer's maintenance of sufficient Internet access, networks, and power as set forth in RingCentral's Technical Sufficiency Criteria, available at https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/policies/technical-sufficiency-criteria.html. RingCentral will not be responsible for any deficiencies in the provision of the Services if Customer's network does not meet RingCentral's Technical Sufficiency Criteria.

B. Use Policies. Customer and its End Users may use the Services only in compliance with this Agreement, applicable Law, and the Use Policies referenced below, which are incorporated into and form part of this Agreement. Customer must ensure that its End Users comply with the Use Policies. Any breach of this Section (Use Policies) will be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. RingCentral may update the Use Policies from time to time and will provide notice of material updates to Customer at the email address on file with the Account. All updates will become effective thirty (30) days after such notice to Customer or upon posting for non-material changes. Customer may object to a modification that negatively impacts its use of the Service by sending written notice ("Objection Notice") to RingCentral within thirty (30) days from the date of the notice of modification. If the Parties cannot reach agreement, then either Party may terminate the affected Services without penalty with thirty (30) days written notice to the other Party.

i. Acceptable Use Policy. The Services must be used in accordance with RingCentral's Acceptable Use Policy, available at https://www.ringcentral.com/legal/acceptable-use-policy.html.
[CLAUSE_END]