[CLAUSE_START: MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT]  
This Master Services Agreement, including its exhibits, addenda, and incorporated online terms  
("MSA") governs each Statement of Work signed by the LinkedIn entity and the supplier  
("Supplier") identified in that Statement of Work. This MSA is between LinkedIn Corporation and  
LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company and their Affiliates ("LinkedIn") and Supplier.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 1. SERVICES]  
1.1. Ordering and Provision of Services. Supplier will provide the services to LinkedIn described  
in a purchase order referencing this MSA or a statement of work substantially similar in  
form to the one at: https://legal.linkedin.com/documents/current SOW US.pdf ("SOW")  
agreed to by the parties ("Services"). The SOW together with this MSA and any  
incorporated terms form the entire agreement that applies to LinkedIn's receipt of Services  
("Agreement"). If there is a conflict between the terms in the SOW and the MSA, then the  
terms in the SOW will govern.  
1.2. Third-Party Provider of Services. An Affiliate of Supplier, which executes an SOW with  
LinkedIn to provide Services under this MSA, will be deemed a "Supplier" for that transaction  
only and that Supplier Affiliate and Supplier will be jointly and severally liable for the Supplier  
Affiliate's performance under and compliance with the Agreement. "Affiliate" means an  
entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, a party. Supplier may  
subcontract its obligations under the Agreement, in whole or in part, to a person or entity  
pre-approved in writing by LinkedIn ("Subcontractor") only if Supplier will be solely liable to  
LinkedIn for Subcontractor's performance under and compliance with the Agreement.  
Supplier will ensure that each Subcontractor discloses to LinkedIn the location of any  
LinkedIn data in the Subcontractor's possession or control.  
1.3. Changes. If the parties agree in writing to changes to the scope of Services, the fees payable,  
or the schedule on which Services will be provided, then the parties will document these  
changes in a form substantially similar to the one at:  
https://legal.linkedin.com/documents/current CO US.pdf ("Change Order"). If LinkedIn  
determines that the changes are substantial, then LinkedIn may require that the parties sign  
a separate SOW. Each party will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any  
Subcontractor or Affiliate will promptly execute that separate SOW and perform acts as may  
reasonably be required for the purpose of giving full effect to any agreed upon changes to  
the Services.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 2. ACCEPTANCE.]  
Supplier will submit to LinkedIn the items specified in the SOW as deliverables  
of Supplier subject to the schedule stated in the SOW ("Deliverables"). If LinkedIn  
reasonably determines that any submitted Deliverable materially fails to meet the  
specifications or acceptance criteria, if any, stated in the SOW ("Acceptance Criteria"),  
then LinkedIn will provide Supplier with a written statement of errors within 10 business  
days of receipt of that Deliverable. Supplier will use commercially reasonable efforts  
to promptly correct the specified errors within 10 business days of the notification of  
the errors, at no additional cost to LinkedIn. Supplier will then re-deliver the  
Deliverable and the acceptance provision will be reapplied until LinkedIn accepts the  
Deliverable or terminates the applicable SOW or the MSA or both in accordance with  
section 5.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP]  
4.1. Limited Rights. No right, title or interest in any Intellectual Property Rights transfers to the  
other party, except for the limited rights stated in the Agreement. "Intellectual Property  
Rights" means patent rights (including patent applications and disclosures), copyrights  
(including rights in audiovisual works and moral rights), trademark rights, trade secret  
rights, and any other intellectual property rights recognized by the law of each applicable  
jurisdiction. Supplier will not use LinkedIn's copyrights or trademarks (including the  
LinkedIn name and the LinkedIn logo).  
4.2. Ownership of Work Product. Unless otherwise stated in an SOW, as between the parties,  
all Intellectual Property Rights in anything resulting from the Services, including any  
Deliverables, and all associated derivatives, enhancements and modifications ("Work  
Product") are the property of LinkedIn. Supplier assigns all rights, title and interest in and  
to the Work Product to LinkedIn and will render all reasonable assistance to LinkedIn, at  
LinkedIn's expense, to secure, perfect, register and enforce those rights.  
4.3. License Grant to Supplier IP. Supplier hereby grants LinkedIn a nonexclusive, royalty-free,  
irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, sub-licensable, transferable license to use, reproduce,  
modify, offer to sell and sell, and distribute the Supplier IP in connection with its use of the  
Work Product if Supplier: (i) incorporates Supplier IP into the Work Product, (ii) includes  
Supplier IP as part of the Deliverables, or (iii) Supplier IP is otherwise necessary for  
LinkedIn's use of the Work Product. "Supplier IP" means the inventions, original works of  
authorship, developments, improvements, and trade secrets listed in the SOW that (a)  
Supplier can prove with written evidence were made by Supplier prior to engagement with  
LinkedIn or licensed by Supplier from a third party; or (b) Supplier does not have the right  
to assign or waive.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 5. TERM AND TERMINATION]  
5.1. Term. This MSA is effective on the Start Date of the first SOW processed under this MSA or  
the Effective Date of this MSA (if any), whichever occurs first, and will continue until  
terminated. If after termination of this MSA Services continue to be provided under an  
SOW, then the terms of this MSA will continue to be in effect until that SOW is terminated  
or all the obligations in that SOW are completed.  
5.2. Termination.  
A. LinkedIn may terminate this MSA or an SOW or both for any reason by providing 10  
calendar days prior written notice to Supplier.  
B. LinkedIn may immediately terminate this MSA or an SOW or both if Supplier  
(Anti-Corruption) or the DPA (Data Protection). Alternatively, at LinkedIn's option,  
LinkedIn may suspend its usage of the Services following a breach of any of the  
foregoing sections and LinkedIn shall be entitled to a refund or extension of the  
term, as applicable at LinkedIn's option, for the time period it takes Supplier to cure  
the non-compliance giving rise to suspension to LinkedIn's reasonable satisfaction.  
C. Without limiting LinkedIn's rights above, either party may terminate this MSA or an  
SOW or both if the other party materially breaches the Agreement and fails to cure  
the breach within 30 calendar days after receiving notice of that breach.  
D. The termination of any one particular SOW will not terminate this MSA.  
E. These termination rights are (a) absolute and neither party will be liable to the other  
for any resulting compensation, reimbursement or damages; and (b) in addition to  
any other rights or remedies available to a party.  
5.3. Effect of Termination.  
A. Supplier Obligations. Upon expiration or termination of this MSA or an SOW  
(including Personal Data and any data and output produced in connection with the  
processing of any Personal Data) in accordance with section 3; (b) terminate its  
provision of Services and submit to LinkedIn all Deliverables in their state of  
completion as of the termination date; (c) provide any reasonable transitional  
assistance required by LinkedIn including assistance with any data migration and  
data formats; and (d) refund to LinkedIn any pre-paid amounts for Services that have  
not been provided as of the termination date.  
B. LinkedIn Obligations. Upon expiration or termination of this MSA or an SOW  
in accordance with section 3; and (b) pay Supplier for Services provided (and  
accepted, if applicable) prior to the date of termination as follows: For Services  
performed on an hourly basis, LinkedIn will pay Supplier for Services provided prior  
to the date of termination, plus any Approved Expenses (defined in section 12.3).  
For Services performed on a fixed fee basis, LinkedIn will pay Supplier on a  
"percentage complete" basis, taking into account any applicable project milestones,  
as reasonably determined by LinkedIn, plus Approved Expenses incurred prior to the  
date of termination. All payments by LinkedIn under this section will be subject to  
"not to exceed" amounts, if any, described in the applicable SOW.  
C. Survival. The provisions of this MSA that by their nature extend beyond the  
termination of this MSA, will survive the termination of this MSA.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 6. WARRANTIES]  
6.1. Mutual Warranties. Each party represents and warrants that (a) it will comply with all  
applicable laws, orders, codes and regulations, including all privacy laws and U.S. sanctions  
laws, in its performance under the Agreement; and (b) in entering into the Agreement it  
does not rely on any promise, statement, representation or warranty (whether in writing  
or not) of any person (whether party to the Agreement or not) relating to the subject matter  
of the Agreement, other than as stated in the Agreement.  
6.2. Supplier Warranties. Supplier represents and warrants that (a) it will perform the Services  
in a diligent and workmanlike manner and in accordance with current industry standards  
and the Agreement; (b) the Work Product will conform to the related plans, specifications  
and other documents prepared by or for Supplier; (c) it has acquired and will acquire all  
rights necessary for LinkedIn's (i) use and ownership of the Work Product in accordance  
with the Agreement, and (ii) use of any third-party products provided by Supplier; (d) as of  
its date of delivery, the Work Product is not subject to litigation; and (e) other than as  
explicitly stated in the SOW, the Work Product will not include any software or  
copyrightable materials of any third party that are subject to any open source license,  
creative commons license or similar terms.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 7. INDEMNITY]  
7.1. Definition. "Claims" means claims, demands, proceedings, regulatory actions, liabilities,  
losses, causes of action, damages, fines, judgments, and settlements, including  
reimbursement of all reasonable expenses, including legal fees and expenses.  
7.2. Indemnification. Supplier will defend, indemnify and hold LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn  
Ireland Unlimited Company, their Affiliates, and their respective officers and directors  
harmless from and against:  
A. any third-party Claims arising directly or indirectly from (a) any material breach of  
the Agreement by Supplier, its Affiliates, employees, contractors, agents or  
Subcontractors; (b) any willful misconduct or negligent act or omission by Supplier,  
its Affiliates, employees, contractors, agents or Subcontractors, including injuries or  
death to persons or damage to property; or (c) the actual or alleged infringement or  
misappropriation of any third party's Intellectual Property Rights resulting from  
LinkedIn's use of the Work Product, Supplier IP or Services; or  
B. any Claims arising directly or indirectly from any breach of section 11 (Data Security) or  
breach of the DPA (Data Protection), including the Standard Contractual Clauses  
incorporated therein, by Supplier, its Affiliates, employees, contractors, agents or  
Subcontractors.  
7.3. Indemnification Procedures. Linkedin will notify Supplier in writing of any indemnified  
Claim within 10 business days of receipt of that Claim to allow Supplier to investigate and  
defend the matter. However, failure to give the notice will only relieve Supplier of its  
indemnity obligations to the extent Supplier is prejudiced by the failure. Supplier will have  
sole control of the defense and all negotiation for any settlement or compromise of any  
indemnified Claim provided that (a) no indemnified Claim may be settled or compromised  
by Supplier without LinkedIn's prior written consent, unless the settlement or compromise  
includes a release of all claims against LinkedIn by the party bringing the claim or action;  
and (b) LinkedIn may by providing written notice to Supplier (i) within forty (40) business  
days of service of notice by LinkedIn of receipt of an indemnified Claim; or (ii) at any time  
where LinkedIn determines that Supplier has refused or failed to assume control of the  
defense or to diligently pursue the defense thereafter, assume sole control of the defense  
and all negotiation for any settlement or compromise of such Claim in such a manner as  
LinkedIn may deem appropriate, at Supplier's sole expense. Each party will have the right  
at its sole expense to participate in the legal proceeding where the other party is controlling  
the defense with counsel of its own choosing. Furthermore, at Supplier's expense, each  
party will assist and cooperate in the defense of an indemnified Claim as reasonably  
requested by the party controlling the defense.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY]  
8.1. Damages Waiver. Neither party will be liable to the other for any loss of business  
opportunities, lost profits and for any indirect, special, collateral, incidental, consequential,  
or punitive damages, however caused on any theory of liability, whether based on breach  
of contract, strict liability, warranty, tort (including negligence and breach of statutory duty)  
or otherwise, and whether or not the party has been advised of the possibility of that  
damage.  
8.2. Exceptions. The limitations in section 8.1 will not apply to either party's liability for gross  
negligence or intentional misconduct, death or personal injury, breach of section 3  
Protection) or the Standard Contractual Clauses incorporated therein, any indemnification  
obligations under this Agreement, breach of its obligations under applicable law, or  
infringement or misappropriation of the other party's Intellectual Property Rights.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 9. DISPUTE RESOLUTION]  
9.1. Governing Law. If an issue arises under the Agreement (including non-contractual disputes  
or claims) and the applicable SOW was signed (or the PO was generated) by a LinkedIn  
entity in (a) North America or South America (excluding Brazil), then the Agreement is governed  
by the laws of the State of California, and any action or proceeding related to the Agreement  
(including those arising from non-contractual disputes or claims) will be brought in a federal  
court in the Northern District of California; (b) any country other than those in North America  
or South America, Asia Pacific Countries or Brazil, then the Agreement is governed by the laws  
of Ireland, and any action or proceeding related to the Agreement (including those arising  
from non-contractual disputes or claims) will be brought in Dublin, Ireland; or (c) Brazil or  
Asia Pacific Countries, then see http://legal.linkedin.com/documents/current governinglaw intl.pdf  
for applicable dispute resolution provisions. Each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction  
and venue of the applicable courts. The prevailing party in any litigation may seek to recover  
its legal fees and expenses.  
9.2. Injunctive Relief. Nothing in the Agreement prevents a party from seeking a temporary  
restraining order or injunctive or other equitable relief with respect to a breach (or  
attempted breach) of the Agreement by the other party, without the requirement of  
posting a bond, in addition to any remedies available at law.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 10. INSURANCE COVERAGE]  
10.1. General. Supplier will maintain adequate insurance as required by law to cover Supplier's  
obligations under the Agreement. Coverages will be placed with insurers who have an AM  
Best rating of A VIII or better. Supplier's insurance will include a waiver of the insurer's  
subrogation rights against LinkedIn, unless prohibited by law.  
10.2. Minimum Coverages. Supplier will maintain the following minimum coverages: If Supplier  
has employees, employer's liability in an amount of USD $1,000,000 per occurrence and  
workers' compensation insurance in accordance with law; property insurance for any  
LinkedIn property under the control of Supplier, Supplier's Affiliates or Sub-Contractors;  
commercial auto liability insurance covering any auto used in or around LinkedIn premises  
or in the performance of Services; commercial general liability insurance in the amount of  
USD $1,000,000 per occurrence for bodily injury and property damage, naming LinkedIn as  
additional insured; cyberliability or errors and omissions insurance providing cybersecurity,  
privacy, and data protection liability coverage of not less than $5,000,000 per incident;  
umbrella liability insurance, with employer's liability, auto liability and commercial general  
liability in the amount of $3,000,000 if the SOW is more than $300,000 or $5,000,000 if the  
SOW is more than $500,000; and professional liability insurance in the amount of  
$1,000,000 annual aggregate, or $3,000,000 annual aggregate if the SOW is more than  
$500,000, or $5,000,000 annual aggregate if the SOW is more than $1,000,000.  
10.3. Affiliates and Subcontractors. Supplier will cause Supplier's Affiliates and Sub-Contractors  
to maintain adequate health, auto, unemployment compensation, liability, disability, and  
other insurance, as is required by law, to cover Supplier's obligations under the Agreement.  
10.4. Evidence of Insurance. Supplier will provide to LinkedIn certificates of insurance prior to  
commencement of Services under any SOW and upon renewal or replacement of required  
policies. LinkedIn's failure to receive any certificates of insurance provided by Supplier will  
not relieve Supplier of the obligation to provide the insurance coverages required in this  
section 10.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 11. DATA SECURITY]  
11.1. General Security Measures. Supplier will comply with industry standard security measures  
(including with respect to personnel, facilities, hardware and software, storage and  
networks, access controls, monitoring and logging, vulnerability and breach detection,  
incident response, encryption of Personal Data while in transit and at rest and any other  
organizational and technical measures necessary to protect against unauthorized or  
accidental access, loss, alteration, disclosure or destruction of LinkedIn data), as well as with  
all applicable data privacy and security laws, regulations and standards.  
11.2. Incidents. Supplier will notify LinkedIn of any suspected breach of security leading to the  
accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to  
custody, or control of Supplier or any Supplier Subcontractor ("Incident") within 24 hours  
of an Incident (or, if applicable, within any shorter time period required by law) by e-mail  
at security@linkedin.com and by sending a confirmation by mail under the notice provision  
in section 17. Further, if Supplier becomes aware of any other breach of security that may  
lead to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of,  
must promptly (and in no event later than 48 hours following such discovery) notify  
LinkedIn by email at security@linkedin.com. In the event of an Incident, Supplier will  
promptly (i) provide reasonable assistance to LinkedIn in (a) investigating and remediating  
the Incident and (b) responding to any dispute, inquiry, or claim concerning the Incident  
and (ii) reimburse LinkedIn for all expenses incurred by LinkedIn in connection with  
investigating, remediating and providing notice regarding the Incident.  
11.3. Contact Information. In each SOW Supplier will designate a point of contact for security  
matters related to the Services and Supplier's compliance with the data security  
requirements. The point of contact may be an individual or department. Supplier will  
provide a phone number or email address or both for the point of contact (i.e.,  
john.doe@supplier.com or security@supplier.com) and notify LinkedIn of any change to  
the point of contact.  
11.4. Personnel. Supplier shall be responsible for the sufficiency of the security, privacy, and  
and Personal Data and liable for any failure by such Supplier personnel to meet the terms  
and conditions of this Agreement. Supplier shall take reasonable steps to confirm that all  
consistent with the requirements of this Agreement.  
11.5. Additional Terms for Outsourced Services Providers (OSPs). If Supplier will (i) have access  
Supplier's office, workplace, or physical location other than LinkedIn properties, the  
following terms apply:  
A. Policies. Prior to performing any Services and annually after that, Supplier will  
provide LinkedIn with its incident response policy, network security policy, physical  
security, and business continuity and disaster recovery policies in an industry  
standard format.  
B. Log System. Supplier will maintain a comprehensive log system to capture audit logs  
for all user and administrator actions, including successful and failed authentication  
attempts, session creation and termination times, and source IP address from where  
each access request is originating. Logs will be encrypted at rest with strong  
encryption technology. Supplier will retain log data for a minimum of one year  
following the access request. Supplier will provide (or make available to LinkedIn  
Subscription Service administrators) a report of the audit log history upon LinkedIn's  
reasonable request.  
C. Assessments. Supplier shall, during each calendar year and at Supplier's sole  
expense, conduct and provide LinkedIn with a report with a joint opinion provided  
by an accredited, third-party audit firm under the Statement on Standards for  
Attestation Engagements (SSAE) No. 18 ("SSAE 18") (Reporting on Controls at a  
Service Organization) or International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE)  
3402 ("ISAE 3402") (Assurance Reports on Controls at a Service Organization)  
standards applicable to all services, systems, devices, and media and all material  
controls applicable to LinkedIn Data or any applicable superseding reports (each  
such report, an "Assessment"). In addition, during each calendar year, Supplier shall  
provide LinkedIn with evidence of Supplier's ISO 27001 certification by an accredited  
third-party firm. Supplier will respond promptly to any LinkedIn inquiries or requests  
related to the Assessments. All results of Assessments (not just executive  
summaries) will be made available to LinkedIn. Upon LinkedIn's request, no more  
than once per calendar year, Supplier will facilitate an audit (by LinkedIn or a third-  
party auditor on Linkedin's behalf) of Supplier's compliance with the terms in this  
section 11.  
D. Remediation of Vulnerabilities. Supplier will perform a risk assessment and classify  
all vulnerabilities by severity level within 24 hours of identification, using the  
Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) v.2 or such other computer system  
security vulnerabilities risk assessment methodology generally used in the industry  
and acceptable to LinkedIn. Once a vulnerability has been discovered, LinkedIn  
requires its remediation by Supplier within the timeframes stated below. In addition  
to any other available remedies, LinkedIn reserves the right to terminate Supplier  
access to any LinkedIn network or resources immediately in response to a  
vulnerability.  
Severity Level  Remediation Time  
Critical-Risk   Remediation within 24 hours  
High-Risk       Remediation in 5 business days  
Medium-Risk     Remediation in 15 business days  
Low-Risk        Remediation in 30 business days  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 12. PAYMENT AND INVOICING; TAXES; EXPENSES]  
12.1. Payment and Invoicing. LinkedIn will pay the fees stated in the SOW for the Services. For  
Services provided at an hourly rate, Supplier will invoice LinkedIn in arrears on or before  
the 10th of the month following the later of the month in which the Services were performed  
or the deliverables were accepted. For Services provided on a fixed fee basis, Supplier will  
invoice LinkedIn on the schedule stated in the applicable SOW. LinkedIn will pay Supplier  
within 60 calendar days after receipt of an accurate and undisputed invoice for the accepted  
deliverable(s). LinkedIn has no obligation to pay any invoice received 180 days or more days  
after the date Supplier was required to invoice LinkedIn under this MSA or any applicable  
SOW. LinkedIn may withhold payment for any amount that is in dispute if LinkedIn pays the  
undisputed portion of the invoice within the 60 days. Supplier will not withhold or delay  
any Services or associated support or fail to perform any other services or obligations based  
on Linkedin's withholding of fees or other good faith dispute between the parties. Supplier  
may submit invoices electronically if permitted by local government regulations. LinkedIn  
will pay in the currency stated in the SOW. However, LinkedIn reserves the right to pay in  
United States ("U.S.") dollars. LinkedIn is not responsible for payment of any fees for work  
performed or services provided by Supplier until the parties execute an SOW.  
12.2. Taxes. Unless LinkedIn provides Supplier with a valid tax exemption certificate, LinkedIn will  
pay or reimburse Supplier for all federal, state, and local taxes, including, sales, use, gross  
receipts, VAT, GST, or similar transaction taxes. All transaction taxes payable by LinkedIn  
will be separately stated and exclusive of the price. LinkedIn is not liable for taxes that are  
statutorily imposed on Supplier, including taxes or fees measured by Supplier's net or gross  
income. If Supplier is incorporated or resident outside the U.S., Supplier represents and  
warrants that (a) the Services will be performed outside the U.S. and the invoice will state  
that the Services were performed outside the U.S.; or (b) if any of the Services are  
performed in the U.S., Supplier will state that in the invoice and provide a breakout of  
Services performed inside and outside the U.S. Supplier will provide the withholding tax  
forms requested by LinkedIn and submit to any withholding required under U.S. tax rules.  
12.3. Expenses. If specified in an SOW, applicable out-of-pocket living, travel, and similar  
expenses incurred by Supplier in performing the Services will be reimbursed by LinkedIn, in  
accordance with LinkedIn's travel and expense reimbursement policies, only if the expenses  
are pre-approved in writing by LinkedIn and incurred by Supplier prior to termination of this  
MSA or the applicable SOW ("Approved Expenses").  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 13. SUPPLIER PERSONNEL]  
13.1. Qualifications. Supplier will provide sufficient, qualified personnel who are capable of  
performing all of Supplier's obligations under each SOW.  
13.2. Background Checks. Supplier represents and warrants that it has conducted background  
checks appropriate for the type of Services to be performed for its personnel performing  
Services, and which, at the least, were sufficient to confirm that the personnel do not  
appear on applicable U.S. Government export exclusion lists and to verify academic  
credentials. Country-specific minimum standards for background checks are available upon  
request by Supplier. Upon LinkedIn's request, Supplier will provide proof of the personnel  
background checks.  
13.3. Replacements. Supplier will not remove any personnel listed by name or title in the SOW,  
without the prior written consent of LinkedIn, except when removal is necessary because  
of the resignation, death or illness, or family leave requirements of the personnel. If  
Supplier must remove personnel for these acceptable reasons, then Supplier will provide  
LinkedIn with (a) reasonable prior notice of the removal; (b) reasons for the removal; and  
(c) reasonable further assurances of its ability to provide suitable replacement personnel.  
LinkedIn may refuse the assignment of any personnel to perform Services or may request  
that personnel be removed for any reasonable basis, including unsatisfactory performance  
as determined by LinkedIn or LinkedIn's clients. Supplier will replace removed personnel as  
soon as commercially feasible with a resource reasonably acceptable to LinkedIn.  
13.4. Access to LinkedIn Sites or Systems. If personnel of Supplier or Subcontractor will require  
access to LinkedIn premises or LinkedIn equipment, systems, applications or networks, such  
personnel must comply with LinkedIn policies and all applicable laws and regulations while  
performing Services and will be required to execute LinkedIn's standard resource access  
agreement acknowledging these obligations as a condition of their receiving such access.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 14. COMPLIANCE WITH EMPLOYMENT LAWS.]  
LinkedIn is a federal contractor. If applicable, the Equal Opportunity Clauses stated in 41  
C.F.R. parts 60-1.4(a), and the employee notice found at 29 C.F.R. Part 471, Appendix A to  
Subpart A, are incorporated into this MSA by reference. If applicable, Supplier will abide  
by the requirements of 41 CFR §§ 60-300.5(a) and 60-741.5(a). These regulations prohibit  
discrimination against qualified individuals on the basis of protected veteran status or  
disability and require affirmative action by covered prime contractors and subcontractors,  
to employ and advance in employment, qualified protected veterans and individuals with  
disabilities. Executive Order 13658, Establishing a Minimum Wage for Contractors, and its  
implementing regulations, including the applicable contract clause (available at 29 C.F.R. §  
Pt. 10, App. A), are incorporated into this MSA by reference.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 15. ANTI-CORRUPTION.]  
LinkedIn is subject to various anti-bribery statutes in the U.S. and around the globe, including  
the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act. Supplier represents and  
warrants that, in connection with the Services, Supplier (a) has not done and will not do  
anything to violate these laws and other related laws in the jurisdictions in which Supplier  
operates on Linkedin's behalf; (b) has implemented its own anticorruption policy (or agrees  
to be bound by LinkedIn's) and will take proportionate, risk-based procedures to abide by its  
(or LinkedIn's) anticorruption policy for the term of the Agreement; and (c) will furnish to  
LinkedIn future certifications confirming compliance with this section 15 upon LinkedIn's  
request.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 16. FORCE MAJEURE.]  
Neither party will be liable for any delay or failure in performance due to acts of God,  
earthquake, flood, riots, fire, epidemics, strikes or threat of strikes (excluding any such strike,  
labor dispute or work stoppage that involves their respective employees or agents) war or  
terrorism where such occurrence renders it unable to perform. The affected party will  
immediately notify the other party of such occurrence and will use all reasonable efforts to  
recommence performance as soon as possible. The obligations and rights of the affected  
party will be extended on a day-to-day basis for the time period equal to the period of the  
excusable delay. If Supplier is unable to perform for a period in excess of fifteen days due  
to such excusable delay, LinkedIn may terminate the Agreement upon five days written  
notice to Supplier.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 17. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR.]  
The Agreement does not create a partnership, agency relationship, or joint venture between  
the parties. LinkedIn and Supplier are independent contractors and have no power or  
authority to bind the other or to create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of the other.  
Under no circumstances will any employee of one party be deemed to be the employee of  
the other for any purpose. Supplier acknowledges that Supplier and its personnel are solely  
responsible for withholding and paying income taxes related to the performance of Services  
under this Agreement. Supplier and Supplier's personnel are not entitled to receive any  
benefits that LinkedIn offers to its employees. In the event (a) Supplier or any of Supplier's  
personnel assert that they are an employee of LinkedIn; or (b) a federal, state or local  
governmental agency or court determines Supplier or any of its personnel are LinkedIn's  
employees, then Supplier shall defend, indemnify and hold LinkedIn, its Affiliates, and their  
respective officers and directors harmless from all liabilities, costs and expenses (including,  
but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) associated with such claim or determination.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 18. ETHICAL CONDUCT.]  
Supplier agrees that it will, and it will require that its employees and agents and any  
Subcontractors and their employees and agents, (a) substantially comply with the most  
current version of LinkedIn's Supplier Code of Conduct, which is available at  
https://suppliers.linkedin.com/content/suppliers/Supplier-info or (b) comply with its own  
code of business standards, provided such standards are substantially similar or exceed the  
ethical standards in LinkedIn's Supplier Code of Conduct. Supplier will furnish to LinkedIn  
certification of compliance with this section upon LinkedIn's request.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 19. ACCESSIBILITY.]  
Devices, products, websites, web-based applications, or online content developed for or  
provided to LinkedIn must comply with all accessibility requirements under applicable law or  
as provided by Microsoft Corporation or its Affiliates ("Microsoft"). Supplier developed,  
provided, or maintained websites, web-based applications, or online content relevant to the  
Services must comply with all legal and Microsoft-provided accessibility requirements,  
including Level A and AA Success Criteria of the latest published version of the Web Content  
Accessibility Guidelines ("WCAG"), available at https://www.w3.org/standards/techs/wcag#w3c all. An overview of WCAG is available at http://www.w3.org/WAI/intro/wcag.  
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: 20. MISCELLANEOUS.]  
The parties will provide notices under the Agreement in writing and will deliver them by  
commercial overnight courier to the address of the other party stated on the SOW, "Attention  
Legal Department", except as otherwise stated in the Agreement. Notices are effective on  
the date of delivery as indicated in the records of the courier. Non-legal notices (e.g. a  
notice of termination for convenience) can also be delivered by email. Email notices are  
effective on the date the recipient acknowledges receipt of an email notice from the other  
party. Neither party may issue a press release nor other type of announcement or public  
statement related to the Agreement or any Services or an Incident without the prior written  
consent of the other party. Neither party may assign the Agreement in whole or in part  
without the other party's prior written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably  
denied, delayed or conditioned) except to its own Affiliate or to a purchaser of substantially  
all of its assets or stock. Any attempted assignment in violation of this restriction will be void.  
If the Agreement is translated into a language other than English, the translation is for  
convenience only, and the English language version will govern. If any provision of the  
Agreement is unenforceable, that provision will be modified to render it enforceable to the  
extent possible to give effect to the parties' intentions and the remaining provisions will not  
be affected. No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right under the Agreement  
will constitute a waiver of that right. If executing this MSA or a SOW, the parties may execute  
it electronically and in counterparts. Each counterpart is deemed to be an original which,  
taken together, comprise a single document. The parties may amend the Agreement only in  
a written amendment signed by both parties. LinkedIn's use of the Services may be impacted  
by changes in applicable law that result in the need to amend this MSA. Supplier will make  
reasonable efforts to promptly execute amendments required by such changes. Each party  
represents and warrants that the individual binding a party under this MSA or an SOW is  
authorized to do so.  
[CLAUSE_END]