[CLAUSE_START: Introduction and Acceptance of Terms]
THE INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY ("Customer") EXECUTING ANY ORDER FORM, SERVICE SCHEDULE, SALES ORDER, WORK ORDER, STATEMENT OF WORK OR PROPOSAL ("Order Form") THAT INCORPORATES THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT ("MSA") (COLLECTIVELY ORDER FORM AND THE MSA AND ALL ATTACHMENTS, ADDENDA, AND INCORPORATED DOCUMENTS THERETO, "Agreement") AND/OR ANYONE USING LOGICALLY'S SERVICES, AGREES THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERN ACCESS TO, AND THE PROVISION OF, THE SERVICES BY WINXNET, LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates including but not limited to Cerdant, Inc. (collectively, "LOGICALLY"). THE AGREEMENT IS EFFECTIVE AS OF THE DATE CUSTOMER EXECUTES THE ORDER FORM ("Effective Date"). A copy of this MSA is available for download and printing by clicking here. If at any time Customer does not agree to all of the terms set forth herein, or as amended, it is instructed to immediately discontinue use of all Services (defined below). Customer's use of the Services is subject to the Agreement.
CUSTOMER MAY ONLY USE SERVICES PURSUANT TO THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT. CUSTOMER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ITS AND ITS END USERS' USE OF THE SERVICES AND SHALL ABIDE BY, AND ENSURE COMPLIANCE WITH, ALL LAWS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS AND EACH END-USER'S USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LAWS RELATED TO RECORDING, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, PRIVACY, AND EXPORT CONTROL.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Definitions]
In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in the Agreement, the following defined terms shall have the designated meaning through the Agreement:
(a) "Business Day" means 8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Monday through Friday, United States local time of Customer's headquarters office, excluding federal public holidays in the United States.
(b) "Computer System" means all of the Customer's leased or owned computer hardware, computer software, hosted solutions, and custom applications used at, or in connection with, any location from which Customer conducts business.
(c) "Customer Materials" means all of the software, specifications, content, or other Customer-provided materials, including the Computer System.
(d) "Existing Materials" means any confidential or proprietary materials in which Logically or its suppliers have an intellectual property interest and/or proprietary works of authorship, pre-existing or otherwise, that have not been created specifically for Customer, including, without limitation, computer programs, methodologies, templates flowcharts, architecture designs, tools, specifications, drawings, sketches, models, samples, administrative records, and documentation, as well as copyrights, trademarks, service marks, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, knowledge, or data, and any derivatives thereof, which have been originated, developed, or purchased by Logically, a parent or affiliate of Logically, or by third parties under contract to Logically or to a parent or affiliate of Logically.
(e) "Force Majeure Event" means any event which is caused by or a result of a government law or order, action by any governmental authority, judicial or government decree, regulation or other direction not the fault of the impacted Party, communication line failure, 911 system failure, or 911 call inadequate response or failure, power failure and any natural disaster or act of God, pandemic, war, terrorism (or threats of terrorism), invasion, hostilities, insurrection, riot, the order of any civil or military authority, explosion, fire, flood, earthquake, weather, national or regional emergency (whether declared or not), lockouts, strikes, labor stoppages, or slowdowns or other industrial disturbances, modification or upgrades of networks or equipment (including as a result of the act or omission of an underlying carrier, ISP, or other third party-service provider), the unavailability of personnel due to injury, sickness, death, or termination of employment, either voluntary or involuntary, or, without limitation, any other cause beyond the impacted Party's reasonable control.
(f) "Services" means the services, Software Products, applications, products, software, hardware, components and/or related equipment described in an applicable Order Form. "Services" may also include any follow-up consultation or other services provided to the Customer by Logically, at its discretion, for which no separate written contract has been executed. Unless otherwise agreed by Logically,"Services" specifically exclude, without limitation, any repair, replacement, maintenance, adjustment, or modification of the Computer System.
(g) "Software Products" means software and associated media, printed materials and "online" or electronic documentation, that are licensed, sublicensed, or otherwise offered, provided, distributed, made available to Customer.
(h) "Software Publisher" means an organization that develops and markets software or a publishing company in the software industry between the developer and Logically.
(i) "Work Product" means tangible and intangible personal property developed or purchased solely for or by Customer pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and an applicable Order Form. For the avoidance of doubt, Work Product excludes Software Products.
(j) "Recovery Time" means the amount of time taken to restore a computer, server, file or database to full functionality.
(k) "Recovery Point" - means the point in time from which a computer, server, file or database can be restored.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Procurement of Services]
Customer may, from time to time, procure Services from Logically by executing an Order Form that includes Terms and Conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") and expressly incorporates this MSA via reference and weblink. Each such Order Form is subject to the terms of this MSA. In the event Customer executes multiple or subsequent Order Forms with Logically, each and every such Order Form (and documents incorporated therein, including this MSA) shall constitute separate and independent agreements between the parties, each having its own Term based on the Effective Dates. The sole authority to commence effort by Logically or to obligate payment by Customer shall be an Order Form executed by Customer and Services shall be provided in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Term; Payment Obligation for Services]
The term of the Agreement ("Term") shall commence on the Effective Date and end on the anniversary identified in the applicable Order Form. The Agreement will automatically renew for successive one-year terms unless canceled in writing by Customer at least one hundred twenty (120) days, but no less than sixty (60) days prior to the end of the initial Term or any renewal Term. Customer agrees to the Services (as itemized in the Order Form and/or provided to the Customer by Logically, at its discretion, for which no separate written contract has been executed) and is responsible for payment thereof, including all recurring monthly service fees, for the Term of the Agreement and any renewal Term(s) thereof.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Confidentiality]
From time to time during the Term, the parties may disclose or make available to each other trade secrets, confidential information, or other proprietary information (including but not limited to business data, research, development, manufacturing, customers, vendors, agents, employees, marketing plans, business plans, trade practices, financial information, and related matters) ("Confidential Information"). As used herein the term "Confidential Information" does not include information which: (a) is now, or hereafter becomes, through no act or failure to act on the part of recipient, generally known or available to the public; (b) is hereafter rightfully furnished to or acquired by recipient from a third party, without restriction as to use or disclosure; or (c) is information which was independently developed or acquired by recipient without breach of any obligation of confidentiality or use of, or access to, any of the Confidential Information.

Each party's confidentiality rights under the Agreement shall survive any expiration or termination of the Agreement for a period of two (2) years following such expiration or termination. The receiving party shall, from the date of disclosure of such Confidential Information through two (2) years following the expiration of the Agreement: (x) protect and safeguard the confidentiality of the Confidential Information with at least the same degree of care as recipient would use to protect its own confidential information, but in no event with less than a commercially reasonable degree of care; (y) not use the Confidential Information, or permit it to be accessed or used, for any purpose other than to exercise its rights or perform its obligations under this Agreement; and (z) not disclose any such Confidential Information to any person, except: (i) to its representatives who need to know the Confidential Information to assist, or act on its behalf, to exercise its rights, or perform its obligations under this Agreement; or (ii) pursuant to applicable federal, state, or local law, regulation or a valid order issued by a court or governmental agency of competent jurisdiction, provided that recipient shall first provide the disclosing party with: (A) prompt notice of such requirement; and (B) reasonable assistance in opposing such disclosure or seeking a protective order or other limitations on disclosure. The provisions of this Section shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason. At any time during or after the Term, at the disclosing party's written request, recipient shall promptly destroy all Confidential Information and copies thereof that it has received under this Agreement.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Performance of Services]
Logically shall perform the Services for the Customer during the Term of the Agreement, as set forth in the applicable Order Form. During the Term, Customer shall provide Logically with access to the Computer System and with sufficient workspace and adequate conditions required to perform the Services. Logically shall be relieved of its obligation to perform the Services if:
(a) the premises on which the Computer System is to be installed do not meet the manufacturer's specifications;
(b) the Computer System, in whole or in part, is defective or is not otherwise in good operating condition;
(c) the Customer makes alterations, additions, or modifications to the Computer System or any portion thereof that interferes with its normal and satisfactory operation;
(d) the Customer has breached any license or user agreement term to which the Computer System, or any portion thereof, is subject; or
(e) the Customer asks Logically to take any action that would, in the exercise of Logically's sole discretion and judgment, result in the breach of any license, law, or user agreement.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Additions to Services]
If Customer requests and receives additional software, hardware, licenses, and/or Services after the Effective Date of the Agreement, such additions will be governed by the Agreement and the MSA without the requirement of signing a new agreement, addendum and/or Order Form. Customer agrees to pay for such additions at Logically's then-current rates and such charges shall appear on Customer's next scheduled invoice with prorated charges for any partial periods. Customer's payment of a modified invoice shall be deemed Customer's acceptance of the amounts charged including any price modifications.
[CLAUSE_END]

[CLAUSE_START: Ownership and License]
(a) Customer acknowledges that Logically does not own the Software Products and has been advised that the use thereof is subject to certain rights and limitations, of which Logically has informed Customer. Software Products are licensed to Logically from Microsoft1, Symantec, VMware, Citrix, etc. All title and intellectual property rights in and to So
[CLAUSE_END]