[CLAUSE_START: 1. Definitions]  
All definitions used in the Agreement are specified in Annex A.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 2. Agreement and Scope]  
2.1 These Terms, together with any accepted Order between You and Us, comprise the Agreement between You and Us. The Agreement governs Your access to and use of the Services specified in the applicable Order, which may include Cloud Service, Online Training Cloud, Support Services and/or Professional Services.  
2.2 The additional terms set out in Annex B apply to Our provision of Professional Services and Annex C is the Data Processing Agreement.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 3. Delivery]  
3.1 Following the execution of an Order for the Cloud Service, We shall provide You via e-mail with all information required for You to access and use the Cloud Service.  
3.2 Where You order Cloud Service of the type "Digital Consulting Blocks" or a similar product without a separate Order, Your order placed online will be "the Order," and no automatic Order renewals in accordance with Section 9.1 shall apply.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 4. Support Services and Service Levels]  
4.1 We shall provide the Cloud Services in accordance with the Service Level Agreement.  
4.2 We provide Support Services as part of the Cloud Service and these Support Services are described in the Support Services Description, which forms part of the Agreement. Where Online Training Cloud is specified within the Order, the Support Services provided for the Online Training Cloud are described in its respective Documentation.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 5. Your Access Rights and Obligations]  
5.1 You are granted a non-transferable right to use and access the Cloud Service and any non-Celonis Application identified in the Order, during the Subscription Term, for Your own and Your Affiliates' internal purposes (which specifically excludes any analysis of data from third-party source systems), unless otherwise stated in the applicable Documentation for such Cloud Service. Use of the On-premise Component (where applicable) is limited to use with its associated Cloud Service, and may not be modified or altered in any way except by Us; provided, however, that to the extent any third party content is included in the On-premise Component and is accompanied by its own license terms, those terms shall control with respect to such content. Full functionality and interoperability of the On-premise Component may not be attainable without use of the most current version made available by Us .. You are responsible for all acts and omissions in breach of the Agreement by Users and Affiliates. As between You and Us, We are and remain exclusive owners of all rights (including without limitation the Proprietary Rights) in and to the Services.  
5.2 Your use of the Services shall be limited in accordance with the metrics in the applicable Order. Definitions of the metrics are contained in the Metrics Definition, which is incorporated by reference. In addition, You shall comply with the terms of service of any Non-Celonis Application., as included within the applicable Order.  
5.3 With respect to the Cloud Service and/or any Non-Celonis Application, You (i) are solely responsible for making available interfaces to Your Customer Data and for uploading such Customer Data thereto; (ii) are solely responsible for procuring and maintaining Your network connections and telecommunications links and all problems, conditions, delays and delivery failures arising from or relating to such network connections or telecommunications links; and (iii) will maintain adequate security standards for Your Users' access and use thereof, and will use all reasonable efforts to prevent any unauthorized access or use thereof, and, in the event of any such unauthorized access or use, promptly notify Us.  
5.4 You will not during the course of the use of the Cloud Service or any Non-Celonis Application, upload, input, access, store, distribute or transmit any Malware, nor any material, including without limitation Customer Data, that is Inappropriate Content. We reserve the right, without liability to You and without prejudice to Our other rights, to (i) disable Your access to any material that breaches the provisions of this Section; (ii) remove and delete any content where, in Our sole and reasonable discretion, We suspect such content to be Inappropriate Content; and/or (iii) terminate the Agreement for material breach in accordance with Section 9. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Us and Our Affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, expenses and costs, including without limitation reasonable court costs and legal fees, arising out of or in connection with Your breach of this Section.  
5.5 You will not (i) copy, translate, or otherwise modify or produce derivative works of all or parts of the Cloud Service or any Non-Celonis Application, it being understood that You will be entitled to copy the Documentation and materials accompanying the Cloud Service and make use of the Celonis Schema (as defined and described below) as is reasonably required for Your internal purposes; (ii) access or use the Cloud Service in breach of applicable laws or for any illegal activities, including without limitation to transfer data and information which is illegal or in breach of third-party Proprietary Rights; (iii) disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile, place at risk or circumvent the functionalities, performance, and/or the security of the Cloud Service; (iv) access all or any part of the Cloud Service in order to build a competitive and/or similar product or service; or (v) determine whether the Services are within the scope of any patent.  
5.6 We will have the right to temporarily restrict Your access to the Cloud Service, if We in Our reasonable judgment deem it likely that Your use of the Cloud Service will have negative effects on the Cloud Service, and that immediate action is required in order to limit or prevent damage. We shall promptly inform You of any such restriction and, where reasonable to do so, We shall provide such information in advance.  
5.7 We may, at our discretion, make available to You Cloud Service-related scripts, schema and/or code that can be used to create process analysis implementations for the Cloud Service platform (collectively, the "Celonis Schema"). Where Celonis Schema are made available to You, You are granted for the relevant Subscription Term a limited, non-exclusive, revocable license to use and modify the Celonis Schema for purposes of implementing Your permitted use of the Cloud Service. As between You and Celonis, You will be owner of all right, title and interest in and to any modifications You make to the Celonis Schema, subject, always, to Our underlying ownership interest in and to all of the Services from which Your modifications derive.  
5.8 We are entitled to integrate technical features into the Cloud Service which allow Us to verify Your compliance with the limitations in this Agreement and/or Your Order. For clarity, no Customer Data shall be visible to Us in this context. Further, We may audit Your use of the Cloud Service in order to establish whether the use of the Cloud Service is in accordance with this Agreement, at Our own cost, by providing You seven (7) days' prior written notice. We may ask a qualified third party, who will and/or Your Order limitations, including any overuse, We may work with You to seek to reduce Your overuse so that it conforms to Your Order. If You are unable or unwilling to abide by the Order limitations, You will pay any invoice for excess usage or execute an Order for additional Services. Our acceptance of any payment shall be without prejudice to any other rights or remedies We may have under the Agreement or applicable law.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 6. Fees and Payment]  
6.1 Where your Order is directly with Celonis,  
i. (a) We will invoice the Subscription Fees annually in advance; and (b) unless otherwise agreed upon in the Order, all payments are due in full without deduction or set-off within 30 (thirty) days of the date of Our invoice.  
ii. The Subscription Fees are non-refundable and do not include Taxes and You are responsible for all Taxes. If We are required to pay Taxes based on the Services provided under these Terms, then such Taxes shall be billed to and paid by You. If a deduction or withholding is required by law, You shall pay such additional amount and will ensure that the net amount received by Us equals the full amount which We would have received had the deduction or withholding not been required. This Section shall not apply to Taxes based on Our income.  
iii. Without prejudice to any other rights We may have, if We have not received payment for any overdue invoice, We shall be entitled to (a) by giving You thirty (30) days' prior written notice and without liability to You, disable Your password, account and access to all or part of the Cloud Service and We shall be under no obligation to provide any or all of the Cloud Service while any such invoice remains unpaid; and/or (b) suspend Professional Services until all payments due have been made in full.  
iv. Without prejudice to any other rights We may have, if We have not received payment for any overdue invoices, We may charge You interest at the rate of 1% per month or lesser if such amount is required by applicable law on any overdue sums from the due date until the date of receipt of payment by Us (inclusive).  
v. We shall be entitled to adjust the Subscription Fees with effect from Your next Renewal Term. Where We increase the Subscription Fees, such increase shall not exceed 7%. Unless otherwise agreed between You and Us, if You are renewing directly with Celonis a Subscription originally purchased through an Authorized Reseller, then the Subscription Fees for Your initial Renewal Term with Us will be at Our then-prevailing Subscription Fees for the subject Cloud Service.  
6.2 If Your Subscription is purchased through an Authorized Reseller, We may, upon written notice, suspend Your right to use the Subscription in the event We fail to receive payment for such Subscription or We confirm that You have not paid the Authorized Reseller for such Subscription.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 7. Customer Data; Data Protection]  
7.1 You own all right, title and interest in and to Customer Data and shall have sole responsibility and liability for (i) the legality, appropriateness, and integrity of Customer Data; (ii) the completeness, reliability, accuracy and quality of Customer Data; (iii) obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses and consents required to use Customer Data, if any; and (iv) Your entering of Customer Data into the Cloud Service. You acknowledge that (i) We will not be held responsible in any way for any Proprietary Right or other rights' infringement or violation or the violation of any applicable laws, arising or relating to such Customer Data and/or communications; and (ii) that any Personal Data contained in Customer Data has been collected and is maintained in compliance with applicable Data Protection Laws.  
7.2 You grant to Us and Our Affiliates a right; (i) to use, host, transmit, monitor, manage, replicate, access, store, and cache Customer Data in connection with performing our rights and obligations under the Agreement; and (ii) where necessary, to transfer Customer Data, to any third parties used by Us but only as required for the provision of the Services.  
7.3 During the Subscription Term, You will be entitled to access and export (where available) Customer Data at any time. Export may be subject to technical limitations; in which case We will find a reasonable method for You to access Customer Data. Within 30 days of termination of an Order, We will delete or destroy Customer Data remaining on the Cloud Service unless these Terms.  
7.4 We shall implement and maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of Customer Data, as further described at https://www.celonis.com/trust-center/. Those safeguards will include, but will not be limited to, measures designed to protect against the unauthorized access to or disclosure of Customer Data.  
7.5 Each party shall, in connection with the exercise of its rights and the performance of its obligations under the Agreement, comply with all applicable Data Protection Laws. We acknowledge that You are acting as a data controller in respect of any Customer Data which contains Personal Data. To the extent that We process any such Personal Data in the provision of the Services, the Data Processing Agreement in Annex C shall apply.  
7.6 For the purposes of this Section the terms "data controller", "process" and "processing" shall have the meaning given under applicable Data Protection Laws.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 8. Use of Data for Cloud Service Development]  
We and Our Affiliates may collect data derived from Your use of the Cloud Services for development, benchmarking, and marketing, and for creating analyses. All such data is collected in an aggregated or anonymized form that does not contain Customer Data or permit direct association with You, any specific User or other individual or third party.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 9. Term and Termination of Subscription for Cause]  
9.1 Your Subscription commences on the effective date of the Order unless otherwise specified therein. Your Subscription continues for the Initial Subscription Term stated in the Order. Thereafter, each Subscription will automatically renew for successive periods of 12 months (each a "Renewal Term") unless a party gives at least 30 days' prior written notice to the other party of its intention not to renew the Subscription. Unless otherwise agreed in the applicable Order, and subject to Your rights to terminate under this Section, Your Subscription may only be terminated in accordance with Section 9.2.  
9.2 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies to which We or You may be entitled, either party may terminate an Order without liability to the other at any time with immediate effect upon written notice if the other party:  
i. is in material breach of any of its obligations under the Agreement or an Order and, in the case of a breach which is capable of remedy, fails to remedy such breach within thirty (30) days of notice of the breach; or  
ii. voluntarily files a petition under bankruptcy or insolvency law; has a receiver or administrative receiver appointed over it or any of its assets; passes a resolution for winding-up or a court of competent jurisdiction makes an order to that effect; becomes subject to an administration order; enters into any voluntary arrangement with its creditors; ceases or threatens to cease to carry on business; or is subject to any analogous event or proceeding in any applicable jurisdiction.  
9.3 Upon termination or expiration of an Order, You shall immediately cease any and all use of and access to the applicable Services. Except where an exclusive remedy is specified in the Agreement, the exercise by either party of any remedy under the Agreement, including termination, will be without prejudice to any other remedies it may have under this Agreement, by law, or otherwise.  
9.4 Termination of any Order shall have no effect on any other Order.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 10. Limited Warranties]  
10.1 Subject to limitations in this Section, We warrant that the Cloud Service shall substantially perform as specified in the Documentation during the Subscription Term, when used in accordance with the terms of the Agreement. Support Services will be rendered with due care, skill and ability, and in accordance with recognized standards of industry practice.  
10.2 We do not warrant any specifications other than those set out in the Documentation, including without limitation statements made in presentations of the Cloud Service, Our public statements or advertising campaigns. You acknowledge and are aware that, in accordance with the current state of technology, the Cloud Service cannot be fully error-free, or operate entirely without interruption.  
10.3 We do not warrant:  
i. against problems caused by Your use of the Cloud Service with any third-party software, misuse, improper testing, unauthorized attempts to repair, modifications or customizations to the Cloud Service by You or any other cause beyond the range of the intended use of the Cloud Service;  
ii. against any Malware, data breaches and data losses which could not have been avoided by adequate, state-of-the art security in accordance with Our then-current security infrastructure; or  
iii. that the Cloud Service will achieve Your intended results, nor that the Cloud Service has been developed to meet Your individual requirements.  
10.4 During the Subscription Term, if the Cloud Service does not conform with the warranty provided in Section 10.1, We will at Our expense correct any such non-conformance or provide You with an alternative means of accomplishing the desired performance. If We cannot reasonably make such correction or substitution, as determined in Our sole discretion, We will refund You (or, in the case Your Subscription is purchased through an Authorized Reseller, arrange through such Authorized Reseller, the return of) any prepaid fees covering the remainder of the Subscription Term for the affected Cloud Service and terminate Your access to and use of the affected Cloud Service for which You have received the refund. Such correction, substitution, or refund constitutes Your sole and exclusive remedy, and Our sole and exclusive liability for any breach of the warranty.  
10.5 Warranty claims asserted under one Order shall have no effect on any other Orders or other contracts that are in place between You and Us.  
10.6 To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the warranties and remedies provided in this Section 10 are exclusive and in lieu of all other warranties, express, implied or statutory, including warranties of merchantability, accuracy, correspondence with description, fitness for a purpose, satisfactory quality and non-infringement, all of which are, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, expressly disclaimed by Us, Our Affiliates, sub-contractors and suppliers.  
10.7 You agree that Your purchase of the Cloud Service is not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality or features, or dependent on any oral or written public comments, statements or representations We made regarding future functionality or features.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 11. Intellectual Property Indemnity]  
11.1 Subject to Sections 11.3 and 11.4, We undertake at Our own expense to defend You or, at Our option, to settle any third-party claim or action brought against You alleging that Your use of the Services (or any part thereof) in accordance with the terms of the Agreement infringes the Proprietary Rights of a third party ("Infringement Claim") and shall be responsible for any damages awarded against You or agreed upon in settlement by Us as a result of or in connection with any such Infringement Claim.  
11.2 Subject to Sections 11.3 and 11.4, in the event of an Infringement Claim, We shall, at Our sole option and expense, (i) modify the infringing Services so that they cease to be infringing without loss of substantial functionality; (ii) replace the infringing portion of the Services with non-infringing software or services; or (iii) procure a license to enable You to legally continue using the Services.  
If We do not provide You with one of the options above, We may, at Our sole discretion, terminate Your Order for the affected Services with immediate effect and reimburse You any prepaid Fees covering the remainder of the Subscription Term and terminate Your access and use of the affected Services.  
11.3 We shall only be liable for any Infringement Claim provided You:  
i. provide Us with prompt written notice of the Infringement Claim;  
ii. do not enter into any settlement of the Infringement Claim without Our prior written consent; and do not undertake any other action in response to any Infringement Claim that is prejudicial to Our rights;  
iii. permit Us to exclusively control the defence, negotiations and any settlement of the Infringement Claim;  
iv. provide Us with reasonable information and assistance for the Infringement Claim; and  
v. use all commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate against any of Your losses, damages or costs related to the Infringement Claim.  
11.4 We shall not be liable to You for Infringement Claims where the infringement is caused by:  
i. unauthorized changes You have made or that have been made on Your behalf to the Services or output thereof;  
ii. Your use of the Services or output thereof outside the scope of the Agreement, Your Subscription, the applicable Order or the materials accompanying the Cloud Service.  
11.5 This Section constitutes Your exclusive remedy and Our entire liability with respect to Infringement Claims.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 12. Limitation of Liability]  
12.1 Subject to Section 12.4, Our aggregate liability to You for or in respect of any loss or damage suffered by You under or in connection with the Cloud Service provided under the Agreement (whether due to breach of contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise) shall be limited to the total amount of Subscription Fees payable in the twelve (12) months preceding the date of the event for which the liability arises.  
12.2 To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and subject to Section 12.4, in no event will We be liable for special, consequential, incidental, or other indirect damages, including, but not limited to, loss of profits, anticipated savings, business opportunity, goodwill, loss of revenue, or costs of procurement of substitute goods or services arising out of the Agreement, however caused and under any theory of liability (including contract, tort, negligence or otherwise), even if We have been advised of the possibility of such damages.  
12.3 We both acknowledge that the Fees are based in part on the limitations in this Section.  
12.4 The limitations in this Section shall not apply to Our IP indemnification obligations under Section 11; liability for death or personal injury caused by Our negligence or that of Our officers, employees, contractors or agents; fraudulent misrepresentation; or any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by applicable law.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 14. Feedback]  
14.1 You may, at Your sole discretion, provide Your input regarding the Services, products, services, business or technology plans, including, without limitation, comments or suggestions regarding the possible creation, modification, correction, improvement or enhancement of the Services, products and/or services, or input as to whether You believe Our development direction is consistent with Your own business and IT needs (collectively "Feedback"). We shall be entitled to use Feedback for any purpose without notice, restriction or remuneration of any kind to You and/or Your Representatives.  
14.2 You acknowledge that any information that We may disclose to You related to the Services, Our other products, services, business or technology plans is only intended as a discussion of possible strategies, developments, and functionalities of Our products or services and is not intended to be binding on Us regarding any particular course of business, product strategy, and/or development.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 15. Non-Celonis Products and Services]  
We or third parties may make available (for example, through a Marketplace or otherwise) third-party products or services, including, for example, Non-Celonis Applications and implementation and other consulting services. Any acquisition by You of such products or services, and any exchange of data between You and any non-Celonis provider, product or service is solely between You and the applicable non-Celonis provider and We expressly disclaim any liability therefor. We do not warrant or support non-Celonis Applications or other non-Celonis products or services, whether or not they are designated by Celonis as "certified" or otherwise, unless expressly provided otherwise in an Order.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: 16. General Provisions]  
16.1 Sub-contracting. Notwithstanding any further requirements provided in Annex C, We may subcontract all or part of the Services to a qualified third party. We may also at any time involve any of Our Affiliates and successors in business as sub-contractors under this Agreement. In such event, We will be liable for any sub-contractors used in the performance of Our obligations under the Agreement.  
16.2 Assignment. Except as permitted herein, neither party may assign the Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other, not to be unreasonably withheld. Any attempt by either party to assign or transfer the Agreement without the prior written consent of the other will be null and void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, We may at any time upon notice to You assign or otherwise transfer Our rights and obligations under the Agreement to any of Our Affiliates or successors in business.  
16.3 Independent Contractors. The relationship between You and Us is that of independent contractors. The Agreement does not create a partnership, franchise, joint venture, agency, fiduciary, employment or any such similar relationship between You and Us.  
16.4 Governing Law. The Agreement shall be governed by the laws of England and Wales and the parties submit to exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in London, England. The United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods (CISG) shall not apply.  
16.5 Amendments. Any amendments or additions to the Agreement must be made in writing and executed by duly authorized representatives of both parties.  
16.6 Entire Agreement. These Terms, together with any Order between You and Us, constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties, whether written or oral, relating to the same subject matter. In the event of any inconsistencies between these Terms and an Order between You and Us, the Order shall take precedence over these Terms. Any purchase order, purchasing terms, general terms of business or other document issued by You for administrative convenience only and will not be binding on Us.  
16.7 Severability. Should parts of the Agreement be or become invalid, this shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of the Agreement, which shall remain unaffected. The invalid provision shall be replaced by the parties with such term which comes as close as possible, in a legally permitted manner, to the commercial terms intended by the invalid provision.  
16.8 No Waiver. No waiver by either party of any breach or default or exercise of a right of a party under the Agreement shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default or exercise of a right.  
16.9 Export Control and Compliance with Laws. The Services are subject to the export control laws of various countries, including without limit the laws of the United States and Germany ("Export Laws"). You agree that You will not submit the Services to any government agency for licensing consideration or other regulatory approval without Our prior written consent. You, will not, and will not allow any third party to, export, re-export or transfer any part of the Services to countries, persons or entities prohibited by Export Laws. You are also responsible for complying with all applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where You operate.  
16.10 Third Party Rights. A person who is not a party to the Agreement under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 (the "Act") has no rights to enforce, or to enjoy the benefit of, any term of this Agreement but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from the Act or that is expressly provided for under this Agreement.  
16.11 Notices. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given upon: (i) personal delivery, (ii) two business days after sending by e-mail. E-mails to Us shall be directed to CFO/Legal at (cfo@celonis.com), and e-mails to You shall be addressed to the administrative contact designated in Your Order. Notices relating to an Infringement Claim under Section 11 must be sent by registered mail and e-mail.  
16.12 Force Majeure. Neither party shall be in breach of its obligations under this Agreement (other than payment obligations) or incur any liability to the other party for any delay or failure to perform its obligations hereunder if and to the extent such delay or nonperformance is caused by a Force Majeure Event. The party affected by the Force Majeure Event shall: (i) promptly inform the other party of such delay or nonperformance; (ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid or remove the underlying cause of the delay or nonperformance; and (iii) resume performance hereunder as soon as reasonably practical following the removal of the Force Majeure Event.  
16.13 Surviving Provisions. The terms which by their nature are intended to survive termination or expiration of the Agreement shall survive any such termination and expiration including without limitation the following Sections: 7 to 15.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: Annex A]  
Definitions  
1. "Affiliate": any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You or Us, as the case may be, but only for so long as the control exists. "Control," for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests.  
2. "Agreement": these Terms and any Order between You and Us.  
3. "Authorized Reseller": a reseller, distributor or other partner authorized by Celonis to sell Celonis products or services.  
4. [Sub-clauses 1–40 as listed under “Definitions” in the Agreement, without separate tags]  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: Annex B – Professional Services Supplement]  
If You are purchasing Professional Services in an Order, the following additional terms shall apply to Our provision of such Professional Services.  
1. Our Obligations  
1.1 We shall provide Professional Services as described in each Order. We shall determine the manner and means of performing and providing the Professional Services and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Professional Services in accordance with any agreed or estimated time schedules set forth in the applicable Order. Any estimates in an Order are for informational purposes only and may change depending on the requirements of the project.  
1.2 Unless explicitly agreed otherwise in an Order, Our Professional Services are provided as consultancy and advisory services only, e.g. implementation and configuration support relating to Our Cloud Service, and shall in no event be considered a "works made for hire" engagement.  
2. Your Obligations  
2.1 Where specified in an Order, You will appoint a Project Manager, who will coordinate Your activities related to the Professional Services. You will ensure that the same person acts as Project Manager for the duration of the applicable Professional Services engagement; but if You need to change the Project Manager You must notify Us in writing of such change.  
2.2 If at any time You or We are dissatisfied with the performance of one or more of Your or Our team members involved in the project for Professional Services, the dissatisfied party shall promptly notify the other party in writing of such dissatisfaction. The other party shall promptly consider the issue and offer a reasonable remedy to cure the dissatisfaction, which may include replacement of such team member. If the issue is still not resolved, the parties shall escalate the issue to the Project Managers.  
2.3 You shall:  
2.3.1 cooperate with Us on any matters relating to the Professional Services as set out in the Order and provide Us with prompt feedback to Our requests;  
2.3.2 in the event Professional Services are provided on Your premises, provide Us with safe and adequate space, power, network connections, materials, CPU time, access to hardware, software and other equipment and information, and assistance from qualified personnel familiar with Your hardware, software, other equipment and information as We reasonably request for the performance of the Professional Services;  
2.3.3 provide Us in a timely manner such Customer Materials and access as We may request in connection with the provision of the Professional Services; and  
2.3.4 ensure that the Customer Materials are correct in all material respects, do not infringe any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party and do not breach any applicable law or regulation or any term of the Agreement.  
2.4 You acknowledge that Our ability to successfully provide the Professional Services in a timely manner is contingent upon Our receipt from You of the materials, information, and assistance requested. We shall have no liability for delays or deficiencies in the Professional Services resulting from any act or omission of You or Your agents, sub-contractors or employees.  
3. Change Process  
Either party may request modifications to the Professional Services ("Change Request"). No Change Request shall be effective or binding on either party until a writing setting forth such Change Request is signed by an authorized representative of each party ("Change Order"). Each Change Order shall be governed by the terms of this Agreement.  
4. Proprietary Rights  
All Intellectual Property Rights in the Cloud Service, Celonis Materials, Services are owned by and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of Celonis or its licensors. We have, and may in the course of performing Professional Services hereunder, develop certain general ideas, concepts, know-how, methods, techniques, processes and skills pertaining to the Cloud Service and Celonis Materials ("Residual Knowledge"). We shall not be prohibited or enjoined from using Residual Knowledge, customers. For avoidance of doubt, all Customer Materials are owned by You and shall remain Your sole and exclusive property.  
5. Professional Services Fees  
We will provide all Professional Services on a time and material basis at Our then-current rates, unless otherwise agreed by You and Us in an Order. Our daily rates are calculated based on an 8 (eight) hour working day (excluding weekends and public holidays). All Professional Services are billed in arrears on a monthly basis. Unless agreed otherwise the Professional Service Fees exclude travel and accommodation costs and reasonable out of pocket expenses which will be borne by You at a flat daily rate for on-site Professional Services as set out in the Order.  
6. Term and Termination  
6.1 Each Order for Professional Services shall take effect on the Order date and remain in effect until any agreed end date specified in the Order or until all Professional Services under such Order have been provided, unless terminated sooner in accordance with these Terms.  
6.2 Unless otherwise stated in an Order, each Order for Professional Services may be terminated for convenience by either Party by providing thirty (30) days' prior written notice to the other Party.  
7. Limited Warranty  
7.1 We warrant that Our Professional Services will be performed in a professional workman-like manner with reasonable skill and care in accordance with industry standards.  
7.2 In the event of a breach of a warranty under Sections 7.1 of this Annex B, and if You notify Us in writing within 30 (thirty) days of completion of the Professional Services of the alleged warranty breach and provide Us with a precise description of the problem and all relevant information reasonably necessary for Us to rectify such warranty breach, We shall, at Our option and expense, either:  
7.2.1 re-perform the applicable Professional Services so that they conform to the warranty; or  
7.2.2 refund the Fee paid in respect of the non-conforming Professional Services.  
7.3 The remedy stated in this Section 7 of this Annex B is Our only liability to You and Your sole and exclusive remedy for a warranty breach. We expressly disclaim all other warranties, express, implied or statutory, including the implied warranties of merchantability, title, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement, and any implied warranties arising out of course of performance or course of dealing, except to the extent that any warranties implied by law cannot be validly waived and We do not warrant that the Professional Services will meet Your requirements.  
8. Limitation of Liability  
Subject to Section 12.4 of the main body of these Terms, Our aggregate liability to You for or in respect of any loss or damage suffered by You under or in connection with Professional Services provided under the Agreement (whether due to breach of contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise) shall not exceed the total amount of Fees paid by You for Professional Services under the applicable Order in which the liability arises. For the purposes of clarification, Section 12 of the main body of the Terms shall also apply to the provision of Professional Services, with the exception of Section 12.1.  
[CLAUSE_END]  

[CLAUSE_START: Annex C – Data Processing Agreement]  
This Data Processing Agreement including its Exhibits (the "DPA") details the parties' obligations on the protection of Personal Data associated with Our Processing of Your Personal Data within the scope of the applicable Order or any agreement between You and Celonis for providing Services (hereinafter, the "Agreement").  
1. Processing of Personal Data  
1.1 With regard to the Processing of Personal Data, You are the controller and determine the purposes and means of Processing of Personal Data You provide to Us ("Controller") and You appoint Us as a processor ("Processor") to process such Personal Data (hereinafter, "Data") on Your behalf (hereinafter, "Processing").  
1.2 The details of the type and purpose of Processing are defined in the Exhibits attached hereto. Except where the DPA stipulates obligations beyond the Term of the Agreement, the duration of this DPA shall be the same as the Agreement Term.  
1.3 You shall be solely responsible for compliance with Your obligations under the applicable Data Protection Laws, including, but not limited to, the lawful disclosure and transfer of Personal Data to Us by upload of source data into the Cloud Service or otherwise.  
1.4 Processing shall include all activities detailed in this Agreement and the instructions issued by You. You may, in writing, modify, amend, or replace such instructions by issuing such further instructions to the point of contact designated by Us. Instructions not foreseen in or covered by the Agreement shall be treated as requests for changes. You shall, without undue delay, confirm in writing any instruction issued orally. Where We believe that an instruction would be in breach of applicable law, We shall notify You of such belief without undue delay. We shall be entitled to suspend performance on such instruction until You confirm or modify such instruction.  
1.5 We shall ensure that all personnel involved in Processing of Customer Data and other such persons as may be involved in Processing shall only do so within the scope of the instructions. We shall ensure that any person Processing Customer Data is[...text truncated for brevity...]  
[Remaining sub-sections 2 through 11 and Exhibits 1 and 2, Appendices 1 and 2 continue as part of Annex C without additional clause tags]  
[CLAUSE_END]